



高我的智慧












Sara Landon 着 Phoenix9 译 GLM4图


送给神奇大师训练营的所有成员，我品尝过你们的灵魂，如此的juiceful！我感受过你们的光，如此的绚丽，令我着迷！我爱你们，“爱之入骨，无言以表！”[ 引用Phoenix9的表达方式。]


——OTreeWEN

This book is dedicated to all of you who desire to live your highest potential and master your life experience. You have drawn this book to you at this time because you are ready to truly live as the master that you are.
此书献给所有渴望实现自己最高潜能和掌握生活体验的人。你们之所以在这个时候吸引这本书，是因为你们已经准备好真正地作为真正的自己而活着。

Not as a master over any other, but a master because you have realized a level of consciousness, awareness, energy, vibration, thought forms, and creation that allows you the freedom to choose any reality, any experience, and any expression of all that you are.
您不作为任何人的主宰，而是因为您实现了意识、能量、振动、思维形式和创造的这个水平，这使您有自由选择任何现实、任何经历和表达您所有的一切。

May the wisdom and teachings within this book guide you to the realization of who you really are, why you are here, and all that is possible for you in this magnificent human experience.
愿此书中的智慧和教诲指引您实现真正的自我，明白您为何存在，以及在这精彩纷呈的人间体验中您所能够实现的一切。


目 录
Council的智慧	1
FOREWORD前言	1
INTRODUCTION介绍	5
CHAPTER 1 CELEBRATE YOUR MAGNIFICENT TRANSFORMATION庆祝您惊人的转变	17
CHAPTER 2 I AM THE MASTER, I AM THE MAGIC, I AM THE MIRACLE我是大师，我是魔法，我是奇迹	29
CHAPTER 3 STEP INTO THE I AM CREATOR FREQUENCY进入我是创造者频率	45
CHAPTER 4 THE PATH OF THE WAYSHOWER引领者之路	58
CHAPTER 5 THE MOST EXTRAORDINARY LIFE IMAGINABLE最非凡的生命想象	77
CHAPTER 6 LIVING IN HARMONY WITH YOUR DESTINY与命运和谐共处	94
CHAPTER 7 AWAKEN WITHIN THE DREAM在梦中觉醒	112
CHAPTER 8 LET THE LIGHT GUIDE THE WAY让光明指引方向	134
CHAPTER 9 NAVIGATING CURRENT EVENTS WITH PEACE AND GRACE以平和与优雅应对时事	154
CHAPTER 10 THE POTENTIAL FOR A FULLY AWAKENED WORLD世界的完全觉醒潜力	174
CHAPTER 11 IMPECCABLE CREATION OF A RICHER, FULLER EXPERIENCE无懈可击的创造，带来更丰盛、更充实的体验	189
CHAPTER 12 THE POWERFUL CREATOR THAT YOU ARE您是那个强大的创造者	203
AFTERWORD后记	222
ABOUT THE AUTHOR关于作者	224


FOREWORD前言

“Who am I?” is the quintessential question at the heart of every philosophical pursuit and the basis for the sense of wonder we feel about our very existence. This universal question, echoed from the Himalayas to Hollywood by yogis, shamans, and seekers, has been presumed rhetorical.
“我是谁？”是哲学追求的核心问题，也是我们对于自身存在感到惊奇的基础。这个问题具有普遍性，从喜马拉雅到好莱坞，由瑜伽士、萨满和寻求者提出，一直被当作修辞问题来探讨。

However, believing as I do that in the purest sense there is an absolute truth to all things——I believe this question not only has an answer, but that the answer lies within these very pages.
然而，我相信在纯粹的意义上，所有事物都有一个绝对真理——我相信这个问题不仅有答案，而且答案就在这些本书的文字深处。

This truth, as you’ll find, is electrifying. It is bursting with the unexpected possibilities that await each of us for living happier, longer, and more fulfilled lives.
这一真理，正如您会发现的那样，令人兴奋。它充满了我们每个人期待以更快乐、更长寿和更充实的生活去迎接的意外可能性。

I met Sara Landon in 2019 and shortly thereafter had a private session with The Council, who spun my mind in every direction before turning it inside out.
我在2019年遇到了萨拉·兰登，之后不久就与“Council”进行了一次私人会谈，他们在我脑海中翻来覆去地旋转，最后将我的思维完全颠覆。

Among other personal revelations, they informed me that my lifelong suspicion that each of us can fully self-realize à la Jesus Christ, Buddha, and other enlightened masters was indeed possible. In fact, once “the work” has been done, it’s inevitable.
在众多个人启示中，他们告诉我，每个人都能完全自我实现，如同耶稣基督、佛陀和其他觉悟大师一样，这确实是可能的。事实上，一旦“这项工作”完成，就不可避免了。

And “the work” for many of us was done long ago in countless unremembered lifetimes. They shared that to them, enlightenment meant transcending life’s illusions (time, space, and matter) by understanding our nature to live consciously and deliberately.
而且，“那件工作”对于很多人来说，早在无数个难以回溯的生世中就已经完成了。他们表示，对他们来说，开悟意味着通过理解我们有意识地、自觉地生活的本性，超越生命的幻象（时间、空间和物质）。

Note that it’s not transcendence to dispel the illusions as some sort of spiritual endgame. Rather, transcendence means to recognize and view these illusions with a proper perspective, enabling us to live among them with a joy that would otherwise be completely unimaginable.
请注意，消除幻象并非是一种灵性上的最终目的。相反，超越意味着以恰当的视角去认识和看待这些幻象，使我们能够在其中找到一种快乐，这种快乐是其他情况下完全无法想象的。

It is a transcendence that banishes fear, turns illness into health, lack into abundance, confusion into clarity, and loneliness into friendships in this love-game we call life. And yes, if you also wanted to walk on water or ascend, you could do that too.
这是一种超越，它驱逐恐惧、将疾病转化为健康、匮乏变为丰盛、混乱化为清晰，并将孤独转变为友谊——在这个我们称之为生活的爱的游戏中。而且，是的，如果您也想在水面上行走或上升，您也可以做到。

The words of The Council are unequivocal: You are divine, capable of living the life you dream of in a world that exists for you. That you are of God, by God, and pure God.
Council的言语明确无误：您是神圣的，能够在为您而存在的世界中实现您所梦想的生活。您属于神，由神所造，纯粹是神性的存在。

You are born to thrive, pushed on to greatness every day of your life, surrounded by elements that unceasingly look to you for direction. That joy is not only possible for every single one of us, but it’s ultimately assured, and its manifestation is why we chose this——and every——lifetime.
您生来就注定繁荣，在生命的每一天都被推向卓越，周围充满了不断向您寻求指引的元素。这份喜悦不仅对每一个人都可行，而且最终是确定的，它的体现就是为什么我们选择了这一——以及每一个——生命。

To explore the final frontier of the universe and our existence in order to go where very few have gone, the questions are, “How do I fully awaken?” and then, “What shall I do with my sacred adventure into form, alive in this mind-boggling paradise of splendor?
为了探索宇宙的终极边疆和我们存在的意义，以便前往极少数人曾到达的地方，问题在于：“我如何完全觉醒？”然后，“在这令人眼花缭乱的辉煌天堂中，我应该怎样用我的神圣冒险来生活？”

Both of which, again, are supremely answerable, and are similarly contained herein. To cut to the chase of the second answer, you will soon read that you can do, be, and have absolutely anything you can dream of, and even far more than you can dream of.
这两者在最高层面上都是可以回答的，并且同样都包含在此中。直接切入第二个回答的核心，您很快就会读到您可以做、成为和拥有您所梦想的一切，甚至比您能梦到的还要多。

Also shared within is an extraordinary view of the times in which we find ourselves, especially for those reading these words prior to the global transformation now upon us:
同时分享的还有我们身处时代的非凡景象，尤其是对于现在全球大变革之前阅读这些文字的人来说。

Your destiny is that of a master. It is, or you wouldn’t be reading this. You are here to help guide your beloved human family through the greatest awakening of human consciousness that has ever occurred on your planet. You are here to illuminate the potential for humankind.
您的命运是成为一位大师。它是这样的，否则您不会阅读这篇文字。您在这里是为了引导您所深爱的人类家庭，通过在你们星球上发生过的最伟大的人类意识觉醒，您在这里是为了照亮人类的潜能。

Finally, the old cliche of “all things are possible” has new clarity, becoming more literal than whimsical.
最后，“一切皆有可能”这个老套话有了新的清晰度，比幻想更具体。

You have chosen this existence, at this time, first, to discover who you really are, and second, to see where it leads you and the Earth’s collective of natural-born Creators. You wield a power so great it can literally move mountains, bestow fortunes, and manifest thy divine will on Earth.
您选择了在这个时刻的存在，首先是为了发现真正的自己，其次是为了看看它将引领您以及地球上的自然出生的创造者集体走向何方。您掌握着如此巨大的力量，几乎可以移山填海，赐予财富，并在地球上实现您的神圣意志。

That this book is in your hands means that a tipping point has been reached in your own search for answers and very soon you will better understand what it means to have dominion over all things.
这本书在您手中，意味着您在寻求答案的旅程中已到达一个转折点，很快您将更好地理解掌控万物的含义。

There’s a new era dawning on planet Earth for which you are a pioneer.
新时代在地球诞生，你们是先驱。

Legions will follow and marvel at the chasm you’re about to cross as the world emerges from a millennia of ignorance into the light of truth——holding on to a vision that was impossible to see, following voices that are not of this realm, relying on instinct and possessing a courage that is your forgotten inheritance
大师军团将跟随您，并对您即将跨越的鸿沟感到惊奇，因为世界从千年的无知中走向真理的光明——坚守着无法看到的愿景，追随不属于此界的声音，依靠直觉，拥有您已遗忘的传承。

——to land surefooted and triumphant on this magnificent jewel hurtling through the cosmos: Heaven on Earth. Prophecies and legend, fulfilled.
——在这颗穿越宇宙的璀璨宝石上坚定不移、胜利地立足：人间天堂。预言与传说，皆已实现。

The hard part has been done.
最困难的部分已经完成了。

What now remains is putting the last few pieces of the puzzle together and easing into the sublime truth of your nature. To come fully alive in this very Garden of Eden. Where your thoughts become tangible things, your words give you wings, and your wish is the command of the entire universe.
现在剩下的是把最后几块拼图拼合在一起，逐渐领会您本质中的神圣真理。在这片伊甸园中完全苏醒。在这里，您的思绪化为触手可及之物，您的言语赋予您翅膀，而您的愿望就是整个宇宙的命令。

Thy kingdom has come.
您的国度已经降临。

——Mike Dooley
——迈克·杜利

New York Times best-selling author of Infinite Possibilities and The Complete Notes from the Universe
《无限可能》和《宇宙之完全笔记》的纽约时报畅销书作者



INTRODUCTION介绍

Live this wisdom and you will have a life beyond your wildest dreams.
活出这种智慧，您将拥有超越您最狂野梦想的生活。
——THE COUNCIL        



Little did I know how fortuitous those words would be. Nor could I have ever predicted the transformation that would occur within and around me in the months and years to come. It truly was beyond anything I could have dreamed of.
我万万没想到那些话会如此幸运。我也无法预知未来几个月和几年里，在我周围以及我自身发生的转变。这确实超出了我能想象的任何东西。

My first experience with higher wisdom was not actually with The Council. Yet in hindsight, I see precisely how divinely orchestrated events were preparing me throughout my entire life to be a channel for their message to the world.
我的第一次接触高智慧并不是与Council，然而回顾过去，我清晰地看到那些神圣安排的事件是如何在我整个生命中为我准备成为向世界传达他们信息之通灵管道的。

I never desired to be a channel, but now I can’t imagine my life any other way.
我从不渴望成为通灵管道，但现在我想象不出我的生活以任何其他方式展开。

I grew up in a loving Christian family in a small town. As a child, I attended Sunday school each week and sang about God and Jesus’s love. We prayed before family meals, praised the Lord, and kept Jesus in our hearts.
我出生在一个小镇上，成长在一个充满爱的基督教家庭中。小时候，我每周都去主日学校，歌唱关于上帝和耶稣的爱。我们在家人用餐前祈祷，赞美上帝，并让耶稣住在我们的心中。

I had a love for God and an awareness of my spiritual connection from a young age.
我自小就热爱上帝，并意识到我与灵性世界的联系。

When I was seven years old, my parents divorced. My mother and I moved out of state, closer to her family. From the moment I first met my aunt Sunnie, my mother’s sister, I remember being fascinated by her.
当我七岁的时候，我的父母离婚了。我和妈妈搬出了州界，靠近她的家人。从我第一次见到我母亲的小姑子孙妮阿姨的那一刻起，我就对她产生了浓厚的兴趣。

She spoke about the soul, the power of the mind, the supernatural, and her master teacher, Mafu. Sunnie would explain that Mafu was a highly evolved being that was channeled through a young woman named Penny.
她谈论了灵魂、心灵的力量、超自然现象以及她的导师Mafu。Sunnie会解释说，Mafu是一个高度进化的生命体，通过一个名叫Penny的年轻女性进行传导。

She would tell me stories for hours about her recollections of past lives, soulmates, miracles, and the teachings of Mafu.
她会用几个小时的时间给我讲述她关于前世的回忆、灵魂伴侣、奇迹以及Mafu的教诲。

I first heard Mafu speak while watching a video with Sunnie. I was instantly captivated. There was an electrifying connection to the voice and the words that were spoken. It was as if Mafu’s words were something that I knew, and I felt a resonant buzzing throughout my body.
我第一次在观看Sunnie的视频时听到Mafu讲话。我立刻被吸引住了。声音和话语之间有一种电击般的感觉。就好像Mafu的话是我所知道的一样，我的全身都充满了共鸣的嗡嗡声。

I can also remember how devastated I felt the first time I overheard my family poking fun at my aunt for believing that stuff.
我还能记得第一次无意中听到家人拿我阿姨信那些东西来开玩笑时，我是多么的痛心疾首。

“How fake and phony,” they would say.
“多么虚假，多么虚伪，”他们可能会说。

On one occasion, when I was about 10 years old, I remember a close family member saying to me, “If she believes in that stuff, she will go to hell——and so will you, if you believe it.”
有一次，我大约十岁的时候，我记得一个亲密的家庭成员对我说：“如果她相信那些东西，她会下地狱——如果你也相信，你也会。”

It severed a cord deep within my heart. How could they say that about her? And what kind of God would do that? That day, I felt the light within me go out.
它切断了我内心深处的一条纽带。他们怎么能这样说她？什么样的上帝会这样做？那天，我感觉我内心的光明熄灭了。

Over the years, I continued to listen to Mafu’s audio and video tapes and read books about spirituality, past lives, and other metaphysical teachings. Yet after that day, I rarely ever spoke about it to anyone but my aunt. As I got older, I stopped using the words God and Jesus.
多年来，我继续听Mafu的音频和视频带，阅读关于灵性、前世以及其他形而上学教义的书籍。然而从那天起，除了我的阿姨，我很少再跟任何人提起这些。随着年龄的增长，我不再使用“上帝”和“耶稣”这两个词。

I could not believe that the loving God I had sung about for all those years would damn someone like my aunt——or me——to hell.
我简直无法相信，那些年来我所歌颂的慈爱的上帝会把像我阿姨——或者我自己——这样的人打入地狱。

On another occasion, I remember being told that people who do not accept Jesus in their hearts were going to hell.
在另一次场合，我记得有人告诉我，那些心中不接受耶稣的人将会下地狱。

I asked, “What about people in Indigenous tribes or remote places in the world who’ve never heard of Jesus? Are they going to hell?”
我问道：“世界上那些从未听说过耶稣的土著部落或偏远地区的人，他们会不会下地狱？”

To which I was told, “Yes, that’s what the Bible says.”
是的，圣经就是这么说的。

Conflicted and overwhelmed by the contradiction between these ideas and what I was taught originally about a loving God, I lost interest in religion. I soon discovered personal development and cultivated a passion for achievement and life success.
矛盾重重，我被这些想法与最初关于慈爱的上帝所受教育的观点之间的冲突所困扰，对宗教失去了兴趣。我很快发现了个人发展，并培养了对成就和生活成功的热情。

My focus became setting goals, starting my career, and climbing the corporate ladder. I was satiated by the desire to succeed and build a prosperous life.
我的关注点变成了设定目标、开启职业生涯和攀登企业阶梯。我对成功的渴望以及建立繁荣生活的愿望得到了满足。

Yet I would continually find myself reading books on spirituality and metaphysics. I was still searching for answers about life, God, Heaven and hell, truth, and the meaning of it all.
然而，我总是不断发现自己正在阅读关于灵性和形而上学的书籍。我仍在寻找有关生命、神性、天堂和地狱、真相以及这一切意义的答案。

Many years went by during which I considered myself an atheist despite knowing there was more to life than just living and dying.
许多年过去了，尽管我知道生活不仅仅是活着和死去，但我仍认为自己是一个无神论者。

That is, until one blistering cold winter day in November 2001——a day that would forever change the course of my life. I remember the heaviness in the room as I walked in to view the body of my deceased brother, Tim. He had been killed in a car accident the previous day.
那是一个寒冷刺骨的11月的一天——那是2001年，一个将永远改变我生活轨迹的日子。我记得当我走进房间去看望逝去的兄弟蒂姆遗体时的沉重气氛。他前一天在一场车祸中丧生。

My family and I had flown to Alaska where he had been living. I had never seen a dead body, nor could I wrap my brain around my brother being gone. As I touched him, I was shocked by the cold, hard texture of his lifeless body.
我的家人和我飞往了阿拉斯加，他就在那里生活。我从未见过尸体，也无法理解我哥哥已经不在的事实。当我触摸他时，我被他那冰冷、僵硬的身体触感震惊了。

I immediately wanted to get away, and made my way over to a chair on the far side of the room.
我立刻想离开，然后朝着房间另一边的椅子走去。

I felt numb as I sat listening to the quiet sobbing of my mother and other family members. I can’t tell you exactly how long I sat there. It felt like hours, but I am sure it was only minutes. Suddenly and unexpectedly, I felt this sense of peace wash over me.
我坐着听着母亲和其他家人的安静哭泣，感觉麻木。我说不清自己坐了多久。感觉像好几个小时，但我确信只是几分钟。突然，出乎意料地，一种平静的感觉涌上心头。

I began to feel a warm sensation of energy——like liquid love——flowing down from the crown of my head and into my entire body. I was completely and totally at peace and surrounded by a sense of love.
我开始感觉到一股温暖的力量——就像流动的爱心——从我的头顶向下流遍全身。我完全彻底地处于平静之中，被爱意包围着。

Then over my right shoulder I heard my brother say to me, “I am still here. I am just not in there,” referring to his body.
然后我听到我的哥哥对我说：“我还在这里，我只是不在那里，”他指的是自己的身体。

In my mind, I replied, “Where are you?”
在我心中，我回答道：“你在哪里？”

“I am just as here as I ever was. I just left the density of the body. I am at a frequency that your physical senses cannot interpret,” he replied. Although his words seemed strange, I understood.
我就在这里，就像以前一样。我只是离开了身体的密度。我现在处的频率是你们物理感官无法解读的，”他回答道。虽然他的话听起来很奇怪，但我明白了。

My immediate next question was, “Are you in Heaven?”
我的下一个问题是，“你在天堂吗？”

To which he replied, “Heaven and hell aren’t like that. They are only experiences one has on Earth. There is only love here.”
他回答说：“天堂和地狱并不是那样的。它们只是地球上的一种经历。这里只有爱。”

Then as spontaneously as it began, the energy receded and the communication stopped. I was back in the cold room. Looking around at my family, it was clear that no one except me had heard Tim. In that moment I felt absolute peace about my brother’s death, yet longed to speak with him again.
然后，就像它开始时那样自然而然，能量消退了，沟通也停止了。我回到了那个冷房间。环顾四周，我的家人，除了我没人听到蒂姆的声音。那一刻，我对哥哥的死感到绝对的平静，但又渴望再次与他交谈。

I didn’t tell anyone about the conversation. Within a few days, I started to doubt that it really happened and began to question whether I had made it all up. But I could not deny what I felt or forget what he said.
我没告诉任何人关于那次对话的事。几天后，我开始怀疑那件事是否真的发生过，开始质疑自己是否把它全编造出来了。但我无法否认我的感受，无法忘记他说的话。

Again and again, I attempted to reconnect to my brother and summon that warm liquid-love feeling. For many weeks, nothing happened. Then one day, as I was walking into the elevator at my office on the way back from lunch, I started to feel warm all over, and my hands began to tingle.
一次又一次，我试图重新与哥哥建立联系并唤起那种温暖的液体般的爱意。好几个星期，没有任何事情发生。然后有一天，当我从午餐后返回办公室的路上走进电梯时，我感觉全身发热，双手开始发麻。

There was no one in the elevator but me and a man I had never seen before. Over my right shoulder, I heard my brother say, “Ask him his name.”
电梯里只有我和一个之前从未见过的男人。在我右肩上方，我听到我哥哥说：“问他叫什么名字。”

“I am not asking him his name,” I responded mentally. But he persisted and again told me to ask the man his name.
“我不会去问他的名字，”我在心中回应道。但他坚持，又让我问那个男人他的名字。

Feeling a bit ridiculous, but doing as Tim said, I asked the man his name.
感觉有点荒谬，但还是按照Tim说的做了，我询问了那个男人的名字。

“Tim,” he said, and then casually walked out the open doors of the elevator. Tim is my brother’s name, I thought! This is real!
“蒂姆，”他说，然后随意地走出电梯敞开的门。我想这真的是我哥哥的名字！这是真的！

These types of experiences continued for years. My brother would spontaneously drop in with a message over my right shoulder. It was always preceded by a deep feeling of peace and love, and I soon began to know when he was there.
这些类型的经历持续了多年。我哥哥会突然出现在我的右边，留下一句话。这总是先由一种深深的平和与爱意靠近我，很快我就知道他何时在那里。

I didn’t know at the time (as I do now) how to connect with him intentionally or deliberately, but I felt comforted to know he was with me.
我不知道当时（正如我现在所知）如何有意识地或故意地与他取得联系，但得知他与我在一起，我感到很安慰。

Some years later, at the height of my professional career, I started having strange experiences in the middle of the night. I would wake up and feel consumed by the desire to write. I had no memory of what I was writing and no idea from where the writing came.
数年后，在我职业生涯的高峰时期，我开始在半夜里经历一些奇怪的事情。我会醒来，感觉被写作的欲望所吞噬。我对所写的内容没有记忆，也不知道这些文字从何而来。

In the morning, I would read what I’d written. It was certainly not information that I knew, and it wasn’t written in the way that I usually spoke. The handwriting was noticeably different than my own. It contained the answers to my deepest questions about life, existence, God, and the universe.
早上，我会阅读我写下的内容。这绝不是我所知的信息，也不是我用通常说话的方式所写的。字迹与我自己的明显不同。它包含了关于生活、存在、神性和宇宙我最深层次问题的答案。

The writing was so beautiful, so loving, so wise. I couldn’t summon the writing on command, but it continued spontaneously for several months. I now know this is an experience referred to as automatic writing.
这种写作如此美丽，如此充满爱心，如此睿智。我无法命令自己写下去，但它自发地持续了数月之久。现在我知道，这是一种被称为自动写作的经历。

Other strange things started to happen. I would look at a clock as it would read 1:11, 11:11, 2:22, 3:33, 4:44, 5:55. I started finding feathers when out on walks. I began to feel a deep love for flowers, birds, and animals.
其他奇怪的事情开始发生。我会看着钟，上面显示1:11，11:11，2:22，3:33，4:44，5:55。我开始在散步时找到羽毛。我逐渐对花朵、鸟儿和动物产生了深深的喜爱。

For seemingly no apparent reason, I would become overwhelmed with feelings of blissfulness and love. I felt one with everything and everyone, and would often know what people were going to say before they said it. I would begin to think of a friend or loved one and within minutes, they would call.
似乎没有任何明显的原因，我会感到极度的幸福和爱意。我觉得与一切人和物融为了一体，并且常常能预知人们在说话之前会说什么。当我开始想一个朋友或亲人时，几分钟内他们就会打电话来。

And while I felt such love and oneness, I would equally and as strongly feel a deep sense of sadness about the human experience and the suffering in the world. One moment I was immersed in love, peace, joy, and oneness, and the next minute I felt hopeless and lost.
并且在我感受到如此的爱和一体感的同时，我也同样强烈地感到对人类经历和世界上痛苦的深刻悲伤。一刹那间我沉浸于爱、和平、喜悦和一体之中，下一瞬间我又感到绝望和无助。

It was as if I had the wisdom of the world within me but no idea about my purpose or how to live it.
它好像我体内蕴含着世界的智慧，却对自身的使命或如何实现生活毫无头绪。

Several months later, I met a woman in hot yoga. I had noticed her in class a couple of days in a row. On the third day, I introduced myself. I asked her how she liked yoga and she replied, “I had to give it a try, but I am never coming back.”
数月后，我在热瑜伽课中遇到了一位女士。我连续几天都注意到了她。第三天，我自我介绍了一下。我问她喜欢瑜伽吗，她回答说：“我试过一次，但绝不会再来。”

I laughed, not surprised, and asked her what she did. She explained she was a practitioner of Quantum Hypnosis Healing Technique. “What?” I asked.
我笑了，并不惊讶，然后问她做了什么。她解释说她是一名量子催眠疗法（QHHT）的实践者。“什么？”我问。

She explained that she helped people communicate with their higher selves and connect to information from the other side. Intrigued, and hoping she could help me figure out what was going on in my life, I scheduled a session with her.
她解释说，她帮助人们与自己的更高自我沟通，并连接到来自另一边的信息。我对她感到好奇，希望她能帮我弄清楚我的生活发生了什么，于是我和她预约了一次会面。

A few days later, she came to my house for the QHHT session. She led me through a guided meditation and then asked, “Do we have permission to talk with Sara’s higher self?”
几天后，她来我家进行QHHT会话。她带我进行了引导冥想，然后问：“我们有权限和莎拉的更高自我交谈吗？”

I said, “Yes,” and she began to ask questions. We continued until suddenly my entire body was flooded with energy even beyond the warm liquid love. It was like nothing I had ever felt. It was like being shocked with volts of love, bliss, and ecstasy.
我说：“是的，”然后她开始提问。我们一直持续到突然间，我的整个身体充满了能量，甚至超过温暖的液体爱意。这感觉是我从未有过的。就像被爱的电量、极乐和狂喜所电击。

My hands and feet were tingling, and I felt a lightness——as if I was floating. My voice began to change, and I noticed that I had an accent and was speaking very quickly. I would later describe it like the voice of an Eastern European man.
我的双手双脚都有刺痛感，感觉轻飘飘的——就像我在飘浮。我的声音开始发生变化，我注意到我说话带有口音，讲得很快。我后来将其描述为东欧男性的嗓音。

The peculiar voice coming through me went on speaking for over an hour. I was aware of myself but also aware that it wasn’t me talking. I didn’t remember what was said, but I could feel the truth and love in the words that were coming through. Luckily, the session had been recorded.
奇特的声音从我体内持续了超过一个小时。我意识到自己，但也知道说话的不是我。我不记得说了什么，但能够感受到话语中传达的真实与爱意。幸运的是，整个会话都被录了下来。

Afterward, I felt amazing. I could barely sleep that night. I was so energized and eager to replay the recording. As I listened to the peculiar voice, I realized the information being spoken was the same as what had been coming through in my writings months before.
之后，我感到很棒。那天晚上我几乎无法入睡。我充满了能量，迫切想要重放录音。当我听到那个奇特的声音时，我意识到被说出的信息和我几个月前写作中出现的完全相同。

I was intrigued and excited, but also determined that no one would ever hear the replay of me talking in that strange voice.
我感到好奇和兴奋，但同时也下定决心，没有人会听到我用那奇怪的声音说话的回放。

The knowledge contained in the recording, however, was so profound that I just had to have another QHHT session. Again, the peculiar voice came through, only this time I was present for the entire conversation.
录音中包含的知识如此深邃，我不得不再次进行QHHT疗程。同样地，那个奇特的声音再次响起，但这次我全程都在场。

Although I couldn’t clearly remember everything, I was aware of what the voice was saying. On many occasions, the voice referred to itself as we or us.
尽管我无法清楚地记得所有事情，但我知道那个声音在说什么。在很多情况下，那个声音把自己称作“我们”或“咱们”。

Over time we began to call the voice The Council, as it seemed to be a group of wise, old souls providing answers to our many questions, thereby expanding our awareness. We continued with weekly sessions. Each time, more of my consciousness was present to the conversation.
随着时间的推移，我们开始将这个声音称为“Council”，因为它似乎是一群睿智而古老的灵魂，为我们解答众多疑问，从而扩展了我们的意识。我们继续每周进行会议。每次，我的意识更多地参与到了谈话中。

Eventually, I was fully aware of the information that was coming through me from The Council. Their messages felt like the deepest truth I had ever known, and as if I were remembering something I already knew.
最终，我完全意识到从Council通过我来传递的信息。他们的信息感觉是我所知最深刻的真理，就像我在回忆我已经知道的东西一样。

THE COUNCIL’S FOUNDATIONAL TEACHINGS 
Council的基本教义

The wisdom of The Council and its impact is multifaceted. Their unique perspective, their sometimes unusual way of saying things, and their obvious love for us affects us in many ways.
Council的智慧及其影响是多方面的。他们的独特视角，他们有时不寻常的表达方式，以及他们对我们的明显喜爱，以多种方式影响着我们。

Those of us compelled by their wisdom, however, find the truths they bring forward to be the most impactful when used as a guide to living well. These truths include:
那些被他们的智慧所驱使的人，然而，却发现他们提出的真理当作为过上美好生活的指南时最具影响力。这些真理包括：

You are already everything you wish to be.
您已经是一切您所希望成为的人。

You are the Creator within your own creation of reality.
您是自己现实创造的创造者。

Life is meant to be joyful.
生命的意义在于快乐。

What you focus on and the meaning you give it is what creates your reality.
您所关注的，以及您赋予它的意义，正是创造您现实的原因。

Consciousness moves energy into form; this is the formula for all creation.
意识将能量转化为形态；这是所有创造的公式。

There is only love.
只有爱。

Everything is always happening for you, not to you.
每件事总是在为您发生，而不是对您发生。

You are Source Energy that you focused into a physical body.
您是凝聚成肉身的源头能量。

If you want to experience anything in the world around you, you must first create it within yourself.
如果您想要体验周围世界中的任何事物，您必须首先在内心中创造它。

You have everything you need within you——and an infinite supply of resources——to create the life of your dreams.
您拥有创造梦想生活的所有必需品——以及无限资源。

You have come here by your own choosing from an expanded state of consciousness to experience life (energy) in physical form.
您是自己选择来到这里，从扩大的意识状态中来到这里，以物质形式体验生命（能量）。

Life is a grand adventure and the journey only continues on from here.
生命是一场伟大的冒险，旅程从这里继续前行。

All of your power is in the now moment.
您的所有力量都存在于现在时刻。

Stillness is the access point to acceleration.
静是加速的起点。

There is no need to make big decisions about anything; allow all things to be choiceless.
没有必要对任何事情做出重大决定；让所有事物都失去选择权。

As you align to a higher level of consciousness, your well-being and abundance are assured.
随着您达到更高层次的意识，您的健康和丰盛将得到保障。

True Creation has no agenda.
真正的创造没有议程。

You get more of what you are, not what you want. If you want more joy in your life, align to the joy that is already within you and around you.
您得到的是您所是，而不是您所想要的。如果您想要生活中更多的快乐，就与内心以及周围已经存在的快乐相协调。

When you are resisting anything, you are resisting everything and stopping the flow of easy, effortless, harmonious creation.
当您抗拒任何事物时，您就是在抗拒一切，并阻止了轻松、不费力、和谐的创造流动。

I had an absolute knowing of these truths when I first heard them despite having no idea how to live them.
当我第一次听到它们时，我对这些真理有绝对的认识，尽管我不知道如何去实践它们。

While each session with The Council always felt so pure, blissful, and loving, in my mind I could hear the words of my Christian family telling me that I would go to hell if I believed this stuff. I kept hearing all the things they said about my aunt Sunnie and Penny, the woman who channeled Mafu.
当每次与会议进行时，我总是觉得它如此纯粹、幸福和爱恋，但在我心中，我能听到我基督徒家人的话语告诫我，如果我相信这些东西，我将下地狱。我始终听到她们对我的姑妈Sunnie以及那位通灵Mafu的女人Penny的说法。

I now imagined them saying those things about me. More than anything, I feared losing the love and admiration of my dad. I just knew he would not understand.
我现在想象他们对我说的那些话。我最担心的是失去爸爸的爱和赞赏。我深知他不会理解的。

For almost a year, I continued doing sessions but told almost no one of The Council. We recorded hundreds of hours of information. I had the recordings transcribed and would read and reread every session. The wisdom and teachings were positively transforming every aspect of my life.
近一年来，我持续进行对话，但几乎没有人知道“Council”。我们记录了数百小时的信息。我将录音转录成文字，并反复阅读每一场会议。智慧和教诲积极改变了我生活的各个方面。

Still, I had no idea what to do with all the information.
仍然，我不知道如何处理所有这些信息。

My only desire was to consume The Council’s wisdom, walk my dogs, and spend time in nature. By this point, and to the shock of most all of my friends, family, and co-workers, I had resigned from my flourishing corporate career.
我的唯一愿望是吸收Council的智慧，遛狗，以及在自然中度过时光。到这个时候，令几乎所有朋友、家人和同事震惊的是，我已经辞去了蒸蒸日上的企业生涯。

I began meditating daily and within minutes could feel The Council’s love and my consciousness merging with theirs. However, I want to emphasize that I never experience The Council as outside of me or as if they are taking me over.
我开始每天冥想，几分钟内就能感受到与Council的爱以及我的意识与他们融合。然而，我想强调的是，我从未将Council视为在我之外或他们正在接管我。

My connection with The Council occurs because I connect to a frequency within me that allows me to expand my awareness into higher levels of consciousness, which have always been there and available to me.
我的与“Council”的联系源于我连接到了我内心的一种频率，这种频率使我能够将我的意识扩展到更高的意识层次，这些层次一直都在那里，随时可供我使用。


As time went on, I began spending hours translating the streams of thought that I was receiving daily through my connection to them. After some months of writing, I started recording voice communications.
随着时间的推移，我开始花费数小时翻译我通过与他们连接每天接收到的思绪流。经过几个月的写作后，我开始录制语音通讯。

I had no idea why I was doing this, but I just trusted it, because it felt like what I was meant to do.
我并不知道为什么我要这么做，但我只是信任它，因为那感觉就像是我注定要做的事情。

I had no plans to ever tell anyone about The Council. I didn’t want people to think I was weird or woo-woo, but at the same time, I knew that I had to get The Council’s powerful teachings to others and allow them to experience the transformation for themselves.
我没有计划告诉任何人关于Council的事情。我不想让人们认为我奇怪或胡言乱语，但与此同时，我知道我必须将Council的强大教义传达给他人，并让他们亲自体验这种转变。

Despite my trepidation, I offered sessions to a couple of close friends. Those sessions were profound and moving. They began to describe their experience as a feeling of coming home, the gift of a lifetime, and the truth they had been searching for their entire lives.
尽管我感到紧张，我还是为几位亲密的朋友提供了几次会议。那些会议深刻动人。他们开始将这种体验描述成回家的感觉、一生中收到的礼物以及他们一直在寻找的真相。

Each person I shared The Council with began to experience rapid and miraculous transformations and manifestations in their lives. Within a few short years, I was doing sessions with The Council for people all over the world by phone.
每个人都有我与“Council”分享，开始在生活中经历快速和神奇的转变与表现。在短短几年内，我通过电话为全球各地的人进行“Council”的对话。

The wisdom of The Council has now expanded into courses, books, seminars, summits, retreats, and a global community of people living The Council’s wisdom and teachings. And I live a life beyond my wildest dreams, just as they assured me I would.
Council的智慧现已扩展为课程、书籍、研讨会、峰会、静修以及全球社区，这些人都生活在遵循Council的智慧和教诲之中。并且，我过着超出我最狂野梦想的生活，正如他们向我保证的那样。

Through the integration of The Council’s wisdom, my life has more love, joy, abundance, freedom, well-being, and harmony than I ever thought possible.
通过融合Council的智慧，我的生活中充满了比我想象中更多的爱、快乐、富足、自由、幸福和和谐。

I also now understand the original intention of the teachings of the Bible and the Christian religion. My own personal relationship with Jesus is one of love, appreciation, and continual presence in my life.
我如今也理解了圣经和基督教教义的原初意图。我与耶稣的个人关系是充满爱、感激以及在我的生活中持续存在。

I believe Jesus to be a great master whose wisdom came from the same origin and consciousness as that of The Council.
我相信耶稣是一位伟大的大师，其智能源于与《Council》相同的起源和意识。

What’s more, my greatest fear never materialized; my family has supported me in miraculous ways, and many now listen to The Council daily. My relationship with my dad is more loving and meaningful than ever before.
此外，我最恐惧的事情从未成真；我的家人以神奇的方式支持我，许多人现在每天都在收听《Council》。我与父亲的相处比以往任何时候都更加亲密和有意义。

He even shared with me that he had the same experience as I did with Tim when his father passed away. The night of my grandfather’s death, my dad was lying in bed when suddenly he felt total peace and heard my grandfather say, “Be in peace. All is well. I am here.
他甚至和我分享了他父亲去世时的相同经历。在我祖父去世的那天晚上，当我爸爸躺在床上的时侯，突然他感到一种无比的平静，并听到我祖父说：“安息吧，一切安好。我在这里。”

My father told me in that moment he was relieved of all his grief and sadness.
我的父亲告诉我，那一刻他所有的悲伤和忧愁都缓解了。

I believe that each of us has the ability to tune into higher wisdom and connect into the infinite field of consciousness in us and all around us in every moment.
我相信我们每个人都有能力调频到更高层次的智慧，并与我们自身及周围每一个瞬间的无限意识场域相连。

Whether your desire is to communicate with your higher self, a loved one on the other side, or the collective consciousness of your guides, I assure you, this is possible for you. Some years ago, I was guided to begin teaching others how to communicate with higher levels of consciousness.
无论是您渴望与更高自我交流，还是与另一边的亲人沟通，或是与您的指导者的集体意识相连接，我向您保证，这对您来说都是可能的。几年前，我被指引开始教导他人如何与更高的意识层面进行交流。

To date, I have taught more than four thousand people how to channel. Anyone can do this. It is not a power that only a few have; it is a natural and inherent ability that we never intended to forget.
至今，我已教会了超过四千人如何导引。任何人都能做到这一点。这不是只有少数人拥有的力量；这是我们从未打算遗忘的天然与内在能力。

My desire to discover my truth, my purpose, and the meaning of life is what summoned the consciousness of The Council. If you are reading this now, I can say the same for you. You drew this book and The Council to you.
我的渴望去发现我的真理、我的目标和生命的意义，这就是唤醒了Council意识的原因。如果您现在正在阅读这段文字，我可以说同样的话对您来说也是如此。您吸引了这本书和Council到您身边。

As they say, you would not be drawn to the vibration and frequency contained within these channeled messages if you yourself were not also a channel of divine love and higher wisdom——a part of The Council on Earth.
正如他们所说，如果您自己不是一位神爱和高智慧之通灵管道——地球Council的成员，您不会对这些传导信息的振动和频率产生共鸣。

I’ve dedicated countless hours to channeling The Council’s wisdom and sharing their messages to all who are ready to receive them. These are my deepest, heartfelt wishes for you:
我投入了无数小时，将Council的智慧传递给所有准备好接收的人。这是我最深切的、发自内心的祝福：

May you remember the infinite wisdom that lies within you.
愿您记住您内心深处的无尽智慧。

May you reconnect with the light that you are.
愿您与您本具的光明重新连接。

May you realize yourself as the powerful Creator that you are within your own creation of reality.
愿您认识到自己是您所创造的现实中的强大造物主。

I am devoted to living The Council’s profound, life-changing wisdom each and every day and I welcome you to join me on this incredible journey. This book is my gift to the world, and creating it has been an experience beyond my wildest dreams.
我对每天践行Council深邃、改变生活的智慧充满奉献，并热忱欢迎您加入我在这段了不起的旅程中。这本书是我的世界之礼，创造它是一种超乎我想象的经历。

It is my greatest joy to share The Wisdom of The Council with you.
我与您分享《Council智慧》是我最大的快乐。



CHAPTER 1 CELEBRATE YOUR MAGNIFICENT TRANSFORMATION庆祝您惊人的转变


In this chapter, The Council reminds you to acknowledge your personal transformation and pause to appreciate all that you have become before focusing on the next adventure.
在这一章中，Council提醒您认识到个人的转变，在专注于下一场冒险之前，停下脚步欣赏您所成为的一切。

We are so pleased to be here with you at this time in this incredible, incredible, sacred space that you create with your energy, your focus, and your intention to remember who you really are, why you are here, and what you intended when you chose this magnificent life experience.
我们非常高兴在这个时候与您在这里，身处这个由您的能量、专注和意图创造出的难以置信的、神圣的空间，回忆起您的真实身份，为什么您会来到这里，以及当您选择这段辉煌的生活体验时的初衷。

Your life can be everything you wish it to be. You are everything you wish to be. You already are.
您的生活可以是任何您希望的样子。您已经是您希望成为的那个人。

We know that there’s great excitement as you come into this new understanding and a new chapter of your life experience. But what if it’s not just a new chapter? What if it’s a whole new book? What if it’s a whole new story? A whole new reality? A whole new you, indeed.
我们深知，当您进入这种新的理解和生活经历新篇章时，心中充满激动。但如果说这不仅仅是一个新篇章呢？如果说这是一整本全新的书籍？或者是一整个全新的故事？一个全新的现实？确实，是一个全新的您。

However, do not for a moment miss the opportunity to celebrate how truly magnificent you are and how truly magnificent this life experience has been for you. Every step of the way led you to the here and now. Be here now.
然而，切莫错失庆祝您真正伟大的机会以及这段生命体验对您来说有多么伟大。每一步都引领您走向此处此刻。现在就身处这里。

As we feel your excitement to move into new beginnings and new opportunities, we tell you it is beyond what you could even imagine asking for. It is beyond what you could even imagine from your viewpoint here in this moment.
随着我们感受到您，对开启新开始和新机会的兴奋之情，我们告诉您，这超出了您的想象，甚至超出您在此刻从自身视角所能想到的一切。

Think for a moment. We don’t do this often, but from your current place of alignment, from your place of presence, think for a moment back to 10 years ago. Do you even remember who that person was? Think of a picture of yourself from that time frame. Think of what you did around that time.
回想片刻，站在您现在的立场，从您的存在之地，回想一下十年前。您还记得那时的那个人吗？看一下那个时间段的自己的一张照片，想想那时您都做了些什么。

Maybe something significant comes to your mind. Can you even believe that you are the person that you knew yourself to be a whole decade ago?
可能有什么重要的事情突然出现在您脑海中。您甚至能相信现在您就是十年前您所认识的自己吗？

Look who you are now. That person 10 years ago was special and beautiful and loved and magnificent and radiant in their own way, but look how far you have come. Could you ever have imagined that you would be where you are right now, that you would become the you that you know as you?
看看您现在是谁。十年前的这个人特别、美丽、被爱、庄严且以自己的方式发光，但看看您走了多远。您能想象您现在会在这里吗？您会成为您知道的自己吗？


Could you ever have imagined that you would come this far?
您曾经想过自己会走这么远吗？

We know there are things you still desire and experiences you still wish to have. We assure you, it’s just beginning to get good for you. Be excited to begin to expand your awareness into where this is all going for you.
我们知道您仍有渴望的事物和想要拥有的经历。我们向您保证，这一切才刚刚开始对您变得越来越好。兴奋地开始扩展您的意识，去感知这一切将为您带来何种方向。

However, we want you to take a moment to see how far you have come in the past year, in the past month, in the past week. Perhaps even in the past couple of days you have shifted into a newer, bigger, more expanded version of all that you are.
然而，我们希望您能花一分钟的时间看看自己在过去一年、过去一个月、过去一周所取得的进步。或许甚至在过去的几天里，您已经转变为一个更新、更大、更广阔的您。

Approximately 10 years ago in this life that you know, in this time that you participate in, think for a moment. Wow. How far I have come. It took great courage to come this far. It’s time to celebrate your transformation!
大约10年前在这个您熟悉的生命中，在这段您参与的时光里，想一想。哇。我已经走了多远。走这么远需要极大的勇气。现在是庆祝您转变的时刻了！

The past 10 years have been a decade of transformation. If you were to get a physical picture of yourself from 10 years ago and put it next to a picture of you in your present, you would see the difference in your eyes. You would see the difference in your energy.
过去十年是变革的十年。如果您把十年前的自己与现在的您并排放置，您会看到眼中不同，您也会感受到能量的差异。

You would see the difference in your aliveness.
您会看到您在生机的差异。

Now, some of you might focus on the age. Some of you might focus on the superficial. But if you really, really tuned in energetically, wow, you have undergone the most miraculous transformation. You have! You have transformed, truly.
现在，你们中的一些人可能会关注年龄。有些人可能关注表面现象。但如果你们真的、真的全神贯注地投入其中，哇，你们经历了最神奇的转变。你们确实做到了！你们真正地发生了变化。

At this time, there’s not one single cell in your body that was in your body 10 years ago. Not one single cell. How those cells rejuvenated themselves was based on your beliefs, your intention, your focus, your level of consciousness.
在这个时候，您体内没有一单个细胞是十年前还在您体内的。没有一个细胞。那些细胞的自我更新是基于您的信仰、意图、专注程度以及意识水平。

Anything and everything is possible for you, we assure you.
任何事，任何事情对您来说都是可能的，我们向您保证。

From this moment here, just turn around and look at how far you have come.
从现在起，只需转身看看您走了多远。

We think one thing peculiar, and it is this: If you think about it this way, your bodies are designed to perceive what is in front of you, and therefore you are always focused on what’s in front of you and where you are going. Your eyes face forward.
我们认为一件事情很奇特，那就是：请您考虑一下，您的身体被设计成去感知您面前的东西，因此您总是专注于面前的物体以及您要去的方向。您的眼睛朝前看。

Some of you have some awareness of your periphery, but for the most part you’re focused on going forward.
一些人对自己的周边有所意识，但大部分时间你们都在专注于向前迈进。

Why do we find this peculiar? We agree that intention, focus, and desire all create the momentum forward. For most of your life experience, you’re focused on what’s in front of you and on moving forward. Many of you are eager to jump into the next thing.
为什么我们会觉得这很奇怪？我们都认同意图、专注和欲望都能创造前进的动力。在你们大部分的生活经历中，你们都专注于眼前的东西，并致力于向前迈进。许多人迫不及待地想要投入到下一件事中。

Let’s get this over with and on to a new beginning, you think. While we understand, we would tell you that there are fabulous gifts here for you in this time, in this very sacred time between now and you stepping into the next chapter of your life experience.
让我们结束这一切，迈向新的开始，您是这么想的。虽然我们理解您的感受，但我们想告诉您，在这段时间里，在这个非常神圣的时间段——从现在到您步入生命新篇章的这段时间——有许多美好的礼物等待着您。

We urge you——take a moment and turn around. There’s a whole world to perceive just by turning around for a moment. In your place of power, in the moment, from a place of presence, just turn around and look how far you have come. Look how much you have become.
我们敦促您——花一秒钟时间转身。只需转个身，就能感知到一个全新的世界。在您的权力之地，在那个时刻，从存在之位，只需转身看看您已经走了多远。看看您变成了怎样的人。

Have you received all that has been given? Have you fully received all that has been given? Have you received all that you have become? Have you fully received all that you have become? Have you really appreciated all that you have become, all that you have been given, and all that you are?
您已收到所给予的一切了吗？您是否已经完全接受所给予的一切？您已经收到了您所成为的一切了吗？您是否已经充分接受了您所成为的一切？您是否真正珍惜您所成为的，您所得到的，以及您所有的？

Have you really realized the fullness of the transformation that has occurred?
您是否真的意识到了所发生的变革的丰盛性？


Pause and appreciate all that you have become, all that you have been given, and all that you are.
暂停并珍惜您所成为的一切，您所得的一切，以及您的现在。


A transformation has occurred. The past decade of your life has been about transformation. Transforming your beliefs, transforming your body, transforming your relationships, transforming your profession and career, and transforming how you relate——but ultimately transforming you.
转变已经发生。您过去十年的生活都在于转变。改变您的信念，改变您的身体，改变您的关系，改变您的职业和事业，以及改变您与他人相处的方式——最终是改变您自己。

Every single thing is about you, your relationship to all things in your life. How you relate to others. How you relate to your body. How you relate based on your belief system. You’ve gone through an incredible transformation.
每一件事都与您有关，与您生活中所有事物的关系。您如何与他人相处。您如何与自己的身体相处。您基于自己的信念体系如何相处。您经历了不可思议的蜕变。

Before we jump into what the next 10 years is going to be about for you, take a moment and just turn around and look at how far you have come.
在我们可以探讨未来十年对您意味着什么之前，请花一秒钟时间，仅仅转身看看您已经走了多远。

We will give you a perfect visual to hold in your mind. Imagine that you have just climbed the highest mountain, that you have just run a marathon, that you have just gone through the most incredible challenge, whatever it is.
我们将为您提供一个完美的视觉画面，让您铭记于心。想象一下，您刚刚攀登了最高的山峰，您刚刚完成了一场马拉松，您刚刚经历了一个最不可思议的挑战，无论那是什么。

What would it be for you if you were to set up the greatest challenge of your life? Jumping out of an airplane? Swimming across the ocean? Having the courage to move across the country, to start a new career, or end an unhealthy relationship? What would the greatest challenge be for you?
如果您要设立您人生中最大的挑战，那会是什么？从飞机上跳下来？横渡海洋？有勇气横穿整个国家，开启一个新的职业生涯，或者结束一段不健康的关系？对您来说，最大的挑战会是什么？

Imagine that you are just about to cross the proverbial finish line. There, waiting for you with your arms out wide and the biggest smile on your face is you. It’s you waiting for you at the finish line.
想象一下，您正要跨过那传说中的终点线。在那里，张开双臂、脸上挂着灿烂笑容的您正在等待着您自己。那是您在终点线等您。

You’re almost there, just a couple more steps. You can see it now, and there you are at the finish line. The grandest, most loving, most conscious, beautiful, magnificent version of you is waiting for you. It’s your soul. It’s your higher self. It’s you and all parts of you.
您几乎到达了，只需再走几步。您现在能看到它，您就在终点线上了。最宏伟、最充满爱心、最具意识、最美妙、最壮丽的您正等待着您去迎接。那是您的灵魂。那是您更高的自我。那是完整的您。

It’s you, the bright, beautiful light that is you. The ever-present, eternal being that you are, the being of light, the being of consciousness that you are, is waiting for you. You’re just about there, a few more steps. You’re going to pass through the barrier and break through.
您，那明亮、美丽的光芒，就是您。那个永恒存在、不朽的您，光之存在，意识之存在，正在等待着您。您几乎就到了，只需再走几步。您将穿过障碍，突破困境。

There you will fall into the arms of you.
在那里，您会落入您的怀抱。

One more step. You’re almost there. You’re almost in your arms. You’re almost there. Go, you can do it. You can do it. You’re there. You did it. You did it!
再迈一步。您几乎到了。您快到我的怀抱了。您几乎到了。加油，您可以做到的。您可以做到的。您做到了。您做到了！

Fall into the arms of you, laughing, crying, relieved, excited. Oh, there are no words. There are no words. You did it. Now embrace yourself, and love yourself, love yourself, love yourself. Look into your eyes, fall into your arms, melt into your heart. You did it. The greatest challenge.
跌入您的怀抱，笑着、哭着、释然、激动。哦，无话可说。无话可说。您做到了。现在拥抱自己，爱自己，爱自己，再爱自己。凝视自己的眼睛，落入自己的怀抱，融化在自己的心田。您做到了。最大的挑战。

The transformation is complete. You did it, and you did a great job. You made it. You’re here.
变化已完成。您做到了，您做得很好。您成功了。您就在这里。


Your incredible transformation is complete. You did it, and you did a great job.
您不可思议的转变已经完成。您做到了，而且做得很好。


You made it through a decade of transformation. You’re here. How does it feel? You did it, and you’re safe in your arms. You’re free. You’re home. You’re home, completely safe and fully free in your home. You did it.
您经历了十年的变革，终于到达了这里。感觉如何？您成功了，现在安全地在您怀抱中。您是自由的。您已经回家了。您完全安全并自由地在您的家中。您做到了。

Wow. What an incredible decade this has been. What an incredible challenge. You have made it, and you can now look back at all the practice and all the training and all the preparing for this challenge.
哇。这是一个多么令人难以置信的十年啊。这是一项多么艰巨的挑战。你们已经做到了，现在可以回顾所有为这次挑战做的练习、训练和准备。

Remember the hours you spent, all of the adventures along the way, all of the memories, all of the joy, all of the love, all of the wisdom, all that you gained on the journey.
记得您花费的时光，回忆一路上所有的冒险，所有快乐，所有爱意，所有智慧，您在旅途中所获得的一切。

Keep your heart open, keep your awareness open, and allow yourself to really see how far you have come. Look at all that has transformed, but look at you, the absolute most magnificent manifestation of transformation. You are the manifestation of transformation.
保持您的心开放，保持您的意识开放，并让自己真正地看到您已走了多远。看看所有已经发生转变的事物，但也看看您自己——绝对最伟大的转变显现。您是转变的显现。

Keep your heart and your awareness open. Look at the magnificent manifestation of transformation that you are.
保持您的心和意识开放。看看您所展现的伟大变革的体现。

Take this time to appreciate. Take this time to be grateful. Take this time to really receive all that you have been given. Take this time to really receive all that you have become.
利用这段时间去欣赏。利用这段时间去感激。利用这段时间真正地接受您所拥有的一切。利用这段时间真正地接受您所成为的一切。

We know you’re excited for what’s coming. We too are excited for what’s coming, but don’t forget who you have become. A decade of transformation is almost complete, but the final step of transformation . . . if you think about it, you know what it is. What is it?
我们知道您对即将到来的一切感到兴奋。我们也对即将到来的一切充满期待，但别忘了您已经成为怎样的人。十年的蜕变几乎完成，但变革的最后一步……如果您仔细想想，您就知道那是什么。它是什么呢？

What is the final step of transformation?
什么是转化的最后一步？

In the most perfect metaphorical example, the butterfly starts as a caterpillar crawling on the ground. It only understands life from the viewpoint of crawling on the ground. It can only see as vastly as it can see what’s in front of it from the perspective of crawling on the ground.
在最为完美的隐喻例子中，蝴蝶起初是一只爬在地上的毛毛虫。它只能从爬行的角度来看待生活。它只能像从爬行角度所看到的那样宽广地看待它面前的事物。

Then it builds itself a cocoon. It doesn’t really know what it’s doing. It’s just being guided somehow. There’s some intelligence that inspires a caterpillar to build a cocoon.
然后它为自己建造一个茧。它并不真正知道自己在做什么。它只是被某种方式引导着。有一些智能启发了毛虫建造茧。

It doesn’t really know what it’s doing and certainly wouldn’t know how to answer the question, if asked, “What are you doing, caterpillar?” It doesn’t know. It’s just doing what it can’t help but do. There’s just something moving it, guiding it to create a cocoon and go within.
它其实并不知道自己在做什么，如果被问及“您在干什么，毛毛虫？”它肯定不知道怎么回答。它不懂。它只是在做它不得不做的事情。有一股力量在推动它，引导它制作茧并在其中蜕变。

It doesn’t yet know that it’s transforming.
它还不知道自己正在变化。

Over time, as you look from the outside, you might not think that much is happening until the day that the cocoon begins to open, and you can see that there’s something there. It’s different. Something has changed.
随着时间的推移，从外面看去，您可能觉得并没有发生太多事情，直到茧开始打开的那一天，您才能看到那里有些东西。不一样了。有些东西已经改变了。

It may take some time for the butterfly to realize it’s no longer a caterpillar crawling on the ground, but then it remembers. It knows who it was and who it is now, and it knows what it is now capable of. It looks up at the sky.
它可能需要一些时间来意识到自己不再是爬在地上的毛毛虫，但随后它会想起。它知道曾经的自己和现在的自己，也知道现在能够做什么。它抬头望向天空。

The final step of transformation is when the butterfly spreads out its wings and decides to fly. The butterfly takes off from the cocoon and begins a whole new story, a whole new life, a whole new reality.
最后的蜕变步骤是蝴蝶展开翅膀并决定飞翔的时候。蝴蝶从蛹中破壳而出，开启了一个全新的故事、全新的生活、全新的现实。

There’s so much more this beautiful butterfly, flapping its wings and flying high, can experience. There’s so much more to enjoy. It gets where it wants to go with an effortless ease because it’s no longer crawling on the ground. Now, it soars.
这美丽的蝴蝶，展翅高飞，还有更多体验等待。还有更多的享受等着它。它轻松自如地到达目的地，因为它不再是爬在地上。现在，它在翱翔。

The final step of transformation is to fly. And it’s your time.
最后一步是飞翔。现在轮到您了。


You are all butterflies. Some of you are still in the cocoon just about to remember who you really are, just about to recognize yourself as a butterfly with wings. Some of you have already discovered that you have wings, and some of you have remembered that the wings will help you fly.
你们都是蝴蝶。其中一些还在蛹里，即将想起真实的自己，即将意识到自己是一只拥有翅膀的蝴蝶。有些人已经发现他们有翅膀，而有些人则记起翅膀能帮助它们飞翔。

Some of you already are standing at the edge of the cocoon, and you’re just about to flap your wings for the first time and really lift off. Some of you have lifted off, and you’ve taken that first moment of flight.
一些你们已经站在茧的边缘，正准备第一次拍打翅膀，真正地起飞。一些你们已经飞起，并体验了那最初的飞行时刻。

Oh, it’s so good. You almost don’t want to rush that first moment of flight. But when you flap your wings for the first time, and you take off and fly——oh, isn’t it the most magnificent feeling? There, in that moment, you realize you can do anything, you can have anything, you can go anywhere.
哎呀，真是太棒了。您几乎不想急于享受那第一次飞行的时刻。但当您第一次扇动翅膀，起飞并飞翔——哦，这不是最壮丽的感受吗？就在那一刻，您意识到您可以做任何事，您可以拥有任何东西，您可以去任何地方。

Anything and everything is possible for you because now you can fly.
任何一切对您来说都成为可能，因为您现在可以飞翔。

That butterfly flying in the sky, in perfect harmony with nature, flying high for all the world to see, is you. You are free. You are free.
那只在天空中飞翔的蝴蝶，与自然完美和谐，高高飞起让全世界都能看到，是您。您是自由的。您是自由的。

Allow the transformation to come full circle. There’s no end. And there’s really no beginning. You are just allowing the transformation to come full circle.
允许变化完成一个完整的循环。没有尽头。实际上，也没有开始。您只是在让这个变化完成一个完整的循环。

If you were to go back once you’ve seen the butterfly and try to find the caterpillar somewhere within it, you would realize it’s simply no longer there. There’s something more beautiful and magical in its place. You wouldn’t worry about where it went or how it happened.
如果您在看到蝴蝶后回去试图在其中某处找到毛毛虫，您会意识到它已经不再那里了。它的位置上有着更美丽、更有魔力的东西。您不会担心它去了哪里或这是怎么发生的。

You would just admire the beauty of all that the caterpillar has become. It’s time to really admire all that you have become.
您会由衷地赞赏毛毛虫变成的美丽。是时候真正欣赏您所成为的一切了。

Yes, there’s a new story emerging. Yes, there is a new book to be written here. There’s a new story to tell. Everything really is always getting better. The best is always unfolding for you, in every single moment. But for now, pause.
是的，有一个新的故事正在浮现。是的，这里有一本新书要写。有了一个新故事可以讲述。一切真的总是在变得更好。最好的总是为您在每一刻展开。但现在，请暂停。

Take this time to spread your wings and fly and feel what it’s like to be transformed.
抓住这个时机，展开您的翅膀飞翔吧，感受一下被转变的感觉。


There are new adventures. Everything really is always getting better. The best is always unfolding for you in every moment.
有新的冒险。一切确实一直在变好。最佳的时刻始终在每一刻为您绽放。


Oh, it’s beautiful. You’re beautiful. This life is beautiful. This journey is beautiful. You are everything you wish to be. Now you know who you are. Every moment to come will reveal a new opportunity, a new adventure, a time to live, to love, to fully be all that you are.
哦，真美。您很美。这生活很美。这段旅程很美。您就是您希望成为的一切。现在您知道您是谁了。每一个即将到来的时刻都会揭示一个新的机会，一个新的冒险，一个生活、爱、完全成为您的时刻。

A time to experience self-realization at its fullest.
这是一个充分体验自我实现的时候。

And it just gets better. You are stepping into the decade of the master, the fully self-realized master that you are, and what it’s like to be a living master of your life experience. Oh, there’s so much yet to come!
并且只会越来越好。您正步入大师的十年，成为完全自我实现的您，体验生活作为活生生的大师是什么样的。哦，还有许多美好即将到来！

We are so excited about your life, about your experiences, but take the time to really realize what an incredible transformation has occurred, the transformation of you into being all that you are. Oh, and fly. And fly. Take that step, flap your wings, and let go. Let go. Go with the wind.
我们非常激动于您的生活，关于您的经历，但花些时间真正意识到发生了多么不可思议的转变，您变成了现在的您自己。哦，还有飞翔。继续飞翔。迈出那一步，拍打您的翅膀，放手。放手。随风而去。

Let the air and your wings take you higher.
让空气和您的翅膀带您飞得更高。

We love you so, so very much. We could not be more excited about your life. We could not, truly. How far you have come on your journey is truly remarkable. You are celebrated. You are honored. You are loved. You are so supported from our side. Be all that you are. Be all that you are.
我们非常爱您，如此之深。我们对您的生活感到无比兴奋。真的，再怎么兴奋也不过分。您在旅途上走过的距离真是令人瞩目。您受到赞誉。您受到尊敬。您备受爱戴。我们一直在支持着您。做您自己的一切。做您自己的一切。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES 关键信息

Look who you are now. That person 10 years ago was special and beautiful and loved and magnificent and radiant in their own way, but look how far you have come.
您现在是谁？十年前那个人是特殊的、美丽的、被爱的、辉煌的，以他们自己的方式发光发热，但看看您现在走了多远。

Pause and appreciate all that you have become, all that you have been given, and all that you are.
暂停，并珍惜您所成为的一切，您所得到的一切，以及您现在所是的一切。

Do not for a moment miss the opportunity to celebrate how truly magnificent you are and how truly magnificent this life experience has been for you. Every step of the way led you here, now.
切勿错失庆祝您真正伟大、这段生活经历对您而言真正伟大的机会。每一步都引领您走向这里，现在。

At this time, there’s not one single cell in your body that was in your body 10 years ago. Not one single cell. How those cells rejuvenated themselves was based on your beliefs, your intention, your focus, your level of consciousness.
在这时，您体内没有一个细胞是十年前还在的。没有一个细胞。那些细胞如何自我更新的基础在于您的信念、您的意图、您的专注力以及您的意识水平。

Keep your heart open, keep your awareness open, and allow yourself in this time to really see how far you have come. Look at all that has transformed, but look inside, look at you, the absolute most magnificent manifestation of transformation.
保持开放心态，保持意识的开放，容许在此刻真正看到自己走了多远。看看所有的转变，从内在去感受，感受您这绝对壮丽的转变。

The best is always unfolding for you in every moment but take this time to spread your wings, fly, and feel what it’s like to be transformed.
在每一个时刻，最好的总是为您展开，但请利用这段时间展翅高飞，感受被转变的感觉。

Keep your heart and your awareness open. Look at the magnificent manifestation of transformation that you are.
保持您的心和您意识的开放。看看您正在经历的伟大转变的表现形式。



CHAPTER 2 I AM THE MASTER, I AM THE MAGIC, I AM THE MIRACLE我是大师，我是魔法，我是奇迹

In this chapter, The Council assures you that nothing is stopping you from creating the life you wish to live, and you cannot even fathom the magic you are expanding into.
在这一章中，Council向您保证，没有任何事情阻止您创造您想要的生活，而且您甚至无法想象您正在扩展的魔法。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to be here with you all. It is time for you to invite in all of the magic that is here for you in your life. Your lives are meant to be magical. What better time than now to ride the rockets of magical energy that are here for you?
我们非常高兴和激动能有这个机会与你们所有人在一起。现在是时候邀请所有属于你们的生命中的魔法了。你们的生活注定要充满奇迹。还有什么比现在更好的时机去驾驭这里的神奇能量火箭呢？

What is magic? It’s the absolute power of you opening and allowing your energy, opening and allowing yourself to be the miracle in the world, opening and allowing yourself to be all that you are and to experience all that is here for you.
什么是魔法？它是您打开并允许您的能量，打开并允许自己成为世界奇迹的绝对力量，打开并允许自己成为您所是一切，并体验所有为您在这里的东西。

There is nothing better than fully living your life, fully loving yourself, and allowing magic to present itself to you in your life experience.
没有什么比充分地生活、完全地爱自己和让魔法在您的生活中呈现出来更好的了。

Not from a place of specific expectation of what you want to see happen, but from a place of opening and allowing magic to surprise, delight, and excite you. It’s time to get really, really excited about your lives.
不是基于对您要看到的事情的具体期望，而是出于开放和让魔法出其不意地给您惊喜、快乐和兴奋的心态。是时候对您的人生感到真正、真正的兴奋了。

You are heading into an incredible time in your experience, a time to focus clearly on the energy that you are made of, to see clearly this game of life that you are playing, to understand your perspective, knowing that consciousness is where it’s at. It is all about consciousness.
您正进入一个在您经历中难以置信的时期，一个可以清楚地关注构成您的能量、清晰地看到您所玩的生活游戏、理解您的观点、知道意识就是一切的时刻。这一切都与意识有关。

You are spiritual beings having a human experience, but beyond that you are beginning to know yourself as the consciousness that you are. That consciousness is ever present. It is eternal. It is always expanding and becoming more, yet needs nothing, wants for nothing.
您是有灵性存在的生命体，正经历着人类的体验，但除此之外，您开始了解自己作为您所是的意识。这种意识永远存在。它是永恒的。它总是在扩张并变得更加丰盛，然而它什么也不需要，对什么都不渴望。

The energy is drawn to your consciousness.
能量被吸引到您的意识中。

Your consciousness attracts energy. It attracts light. It attracts flow and power and magic and miracles. It attracts divine orchestration. It attracts energy to come in and serve you.
您的意识吸引能量。它吸引光明。它吸引流动和力量以及魔法和奇迹。它吸引神圣的编排。它吸引能量进入来为您服务。

The more you know your consciousness and how it has the power to draw energy, to draw magic, to draw miracles to you, and to divinely orchestrate all things for you, the more you will focus yourself into the consciousness that you are, into all that you are, and you will begin to know yourself as the Creator. Allow yourself to flow easily through this time as you step more fully into knowing yourself as the Creator of your life experience.
您越了解自己的意识，以及它如何具备吸引能量、吸引魔力、吸引奇迹的力量，并且能够神圣地为您安排好一切，那么您就会越专注于您自身的意识，专注于您所是的全部，您将开始认识到自己是创造者。在这段时间里，让自己轻松地流动，更多地认识到自己是生命体验的创造者。

What are you creating? There is nothing stopping you. We assure you there is nothing stopping you. Health, wealth, abundance, well-being, love, relationships, anything! There is nothing stopping you. Whatever may have been stopping you in the past is not stopping you now.
您在创造什么？没有什么能阻止您。我们向您保证，没有任何东西能阻止您。健康、财富、丰盛、幸福、爱、关系、任何事！没有什么能阻止您。过去可能阻止您的任何事情现在都不会再阻碍您。


What are you creating? There is nothing stopping you.
您在创造什么？没有任何事情能阻止您。


You have elevated yourself beyond a consciousness of victim-hood, of powerlessness. You are elevating yourself beyond a consciousness of feeling stuck or struggling or in lack or broken in any way.
您已经超越受害者意识、无力感的认知。您正在提升自己，超越了对停滞不前、挣扎、匮乏或任何形式的破裂的认知。

You are elevating yourself to be the I Am Creator energy that is you when you fully allow your consciousness. What are you creating? Because in every moment you are. It is beyond even knowing yourself as manifestation. It is knowing yourself as the Creator.
您通过完全允许您的意识，而提升自己成为那个您是的“我是创造者”的能量。您在创造什么？因为在您存在的每一刻，您都是。这甚至超越了以显化的形式认识您自己。这是以创造者的身份认识您自己。

Can you allow yourself to be the Creator of your life experience?
您能允许自己成为您生活经历的创造者吗？

We often say to move out of the doing and into the being and allow things to come with effortless ease, to allow things to unfold for you in the most miraculous ways.
我们常说要从行动中走出来，进入存在之中，让事物以无力的轻松到来，允许事物以最神奇的方式为您展开。

Indeed, that is the basis of our message, but to know yourself as the Creator, to know yourself as the energy that creates, to understand that you already are manifestation is different. You’re here in form, which means you already are manifestation.
确实，这是我们信息的基础，但知道自己是创造者，知道自己是有创造力的能量，理解您已经是在显现之中是不同的。您以物质形态存在于此，这意味着您已经是在显现之中了。

Every moment, you are the living expression of manifestation, but you will begin manifesting from a state of consciousness, rather than from a state of lack or not-enoughness.
每时每刻，您都是显化的生动表达，但您将开始从意识状态而非缺乏或不足的状态中显化。

There is a difference. There is a deeper understanding here for you if you’re ready for it, and if you’re ready to hear it. Nothing’s stopping you. Nothing’s holding you back. You can have it all right here, right now. Yes, there are things that will unfold.
有区别。如果您准备好了，这里有您更深的理解，如果您准备好去听它。没有什么能阻止您。没有什么能阻挡您。一切就在这里，就在现在。是的，有些事情将会展开。

Yes, you are drawing things to you from your force field, but in knowing the consciousness that you are, you do not need or want for anything. Creation comes from a place of wholeness and pureness, and manifestation then comes as a reflection of your wholeness, your completeness, and your mastery.
是，您正从您的场域中吸引事物到您身边，但当您意识到您是谁时，您就不再需要或渴望任何东西。创造来自于完整与纯净之地，而显化则是您完整性、完备性和掌控力的反映。

Whatever is, is here through your consciousness. That is truly a wonderful thing.
无论是什么，都通过您的意识存在于此。这真的是一件美好的事情。

You, as the master, begin to know that you create what you want to experience, and that you create for you and only you. It doesn’t matter who or what or when the manifestation shows up because you’re creating for you and only you.
您，作为大师，开始意识到您创造了您想要体验的事物，并且只为您自己创造。无论谁或什么，或何时显化出现都没有关系，因为您只为您自己而创造。

A great majority of your manifestations or your desire for manifestation, what you want and what you need——or think you need——is based on others showing up to do it for you or with you or to help you or support you.
大多数您的表现或您对于表现的渴望——您所想要和所需要的，或者您以为您需要的东西——是基于其他人出现为您做它、与您一起做它、帮助您或支持您。

That’s a wonderful thing, but again, there’s a difference between creating from a place of wholeness and wanting to manifest something because you think having it will satisfy your needing and your wanting.
那是一件很棒的事情，但同样，从完整的状态创造与想要显现某物以您认为拥有它将会满足您的需求和欲望之间是有区别的。

You have the power to satiate yourself in this moment, not just satisfy a need or a want, but to fully delight in all that is here for you. Your consciousness is what will ignite your soul.
您拥有在此时满足自我的力量，不仅是满足需求或欲望，更是全然沉浸于眼前一切为您所提供的喜悦之中。您的意识将点燃您的灵魂。

Your consciousness is what will excite you and delight you, and it will guide you to knowing that you are the Creator.
您的意识将会激发您、使您愉悦，并将引导您认识到自己就是创造者。


You have the power to fully satiate yourself in every moment and delight in all that is here for you. Your consciousness is what will ignite your soul.
您有力量在每一刻充分满足自己，并享受这里为您所提供的一切。
您的意识将点燃您的灵魂。

You’re ready to go deeper. You’re ready for more. You’re ready to hear it. There is so much love encased in the words we are telling you, in the energy that we bring forth to you. There is so much love here for you. There is only love here for you.
您已经准备好更深入。您已经准备好更多。您已经准备好去聆听。在我们告诉您的话语中，在我们向您传达的能量里，有如此多的爱。这里有如此多的爱给您。这里只有对您的爱。

We come forth only because we know your deepest intention is to live your life fully and to love yourself fully and to be all that you are.
我们之所以前来，只因我们知道您最深层的意图是充分过自己的生活、充分爱自己以及成为真正的自己。

In living your highest expression, you will illuminate the potential for your beloved human family to open and allow the energy that is here for them, to open and allow magic and miracles in their own experience.
在活出您最高的表达时，您将为您的挚爱的人类家族照亮开启的潜能，让他们接受并允许为他们准备好的能量，在自己的经历中开启魔法和奇迹。

Be all that you are from the energy of the powerful Creator that is you. What are you creating? The answer to that might be very different than what you said in the past when someone asked the question, what do you want?
做您所能做的，从强大的创造者的能量中汲取力量。您在创造什么？对这个问题的回答可能与您过去有人问“您想要什么”时说的答案大相径庭。

There are levels of consciousness, there are levels of mastery, there are levels of manifestation, and there are levels of truth, but none is more important or better than the other. As you begin to elevate your consciousness, you move into different layers of experience and potential.
意识有层次，掌握有层次，显化有层次，真理也有层次，但没有哪一个比另一个更重要或更好。当您开始提升您的意识时，您会进入不同的经验和潜能层。

How good does it feel to know that you are illuminating the potential for humanity? How good does it feel to know that you are illuminating the potential for another? How good does it feel to stand in your power, to stand in your light, to be all that you are?
知道您在启迪人类的潜能，这种感觉有多么美好？知道您在启迪他人的潜能，感觉有多好？站在您力量的巅峰，站立在您光明的所在，成为您所是的一切，这是一种怎样的感受呢？

How good does it feel to open and expand your consciousness and invite in greater, deeper, more meaningful experiences?
感觉有多好，当您打开并拓展意识，邀请更伟大、更深沉、更有意义的人生体验进入其中？

Not because you weren’t enough or lacked for anything, but for the pure joy and delight of living more fully and allowing your consciousness to fully express yourself, and to experience all that is here for you.
不是因为您不够或缺少什么，而是因为纯真的生活快乐和满足，让您的意识充分表达自己，并体验这里为您准备的一切。

We assure you, you still can’t even fathom the absolute magical, miraculous life that you are expanding into.
我们向您保证，您甚至无法想象正在进入的那个绝对神奇、令人惊叹的生活。

What are you creating? Because nothing is stopping you. Nothing is in your way. Love, health, wealth, all of it, all of it. As you begin to take responsibility for what you are creating, say it out loud. Recognize your work. “I am creating a wonderful day. I am creating an abundant day. I am creating an abundant week. I am creating an abundant month.”

您正在创造什么？因为没有什么能阻止您。没有任何东西挡在您面前。爱、健康、财富，这一切，全部都是。当您开始为所创造的事物承担责任时，大声说出来。认可您的工作。“我正在创造一个美好的日子。我正在创造一个富足的日子。我正在创造一个丰饶的一周。我正在创造一个丰饶的一个月。”

What are your intentions for this time? We come forth to offer you our messages, our awareness of where you are and what is coming for you, but what are you creating in this day, in this week, in this month, in this time?
您这次的意图是什么？我们前来向您传递我们的信息，我们的意识，知道您所处的位置和即将为您而来的事物，但在这一天、这一周、这个月、在这个时刻里，您又在创造什么呢？

What if——just what if——this was your last month in the life experience you know as you? What if this was the final chapter of this story that you’ve been telling in the place that you are, with the people you’re with, the family that you know in this experience? What if?
如果——仅仅是假设——这将是您在已知自己人生体验中的最后一个月，那会怎样？如果这是您在这个地方、与这些您所共度的人、这个经历中所了解的家庭所讲述的故事的最后一章，那会怎样？什么如果？

Would that give you permission to set yourself free, to be all that you are? Would that give you permission to love fully and to love yourself fully? Would that give you permission to finally set yourself free and just love and just be and just live?
愿这赋予您自由自己的权利，去成为您所是的一切？愿这赋予您全然去爱和全然爱自己的权利？愿这赋予您最终自由的权利，只去爱、仅存在和仅仅生活？

Would you put twenty-dollar bills or five-dollar bills in your pocket and give them freely? Would you finally find all the magnificent things to appreciate about your body?
您愿意把二十美元的纸币或五美元的纸币放进您的口袋并随意给予他人吗？关于您的身体，您最终会找到所有值得欣赏的美妙事物吗？

Would you give your family a break and let them be who they are, where they are, and love them the way they are and as who they have been to you? Would you accept your friends as they are, not needing them to change or be any different?
您能给您的家人一个喘息的机会，让他们成为他们自己，无论他们在哪里，都以他们现在的样子和曾经给予您的方式去爱他们吗？您能否接受朋友本来的样子，不要求他们改变或变得不同呢？

Would the doorman or the person that checks out your groceries seem just a little more divine in your eyes?
您认为那个守门人或检查您的杂货的人，在您的眼中是否会显得稍微神圣一些？

Would you be a little kinder and a little more generous? A little more open and a little more loving? If this were the last month as you, in this experience here and now, could you finally set yourself free?
您能稍微温柔一些，再慷慨一点吗？更开放些，更多点爱心？如果这是您在当下的最后一个月，您能否最终解脱自己？

If in this last month you really, really could be who you want to be, have what you want to have, and do what you want to do——and experience it to the absolute fullest——it might make everything so incredibly simple.
如果在这最后一个月，您真的真的能成为您想成为的人，拥有您想要拥有的东西，做您想做的事情——并且充分地体验它——这可能会让一切变得如此不可思议的简单。

Each day would be sacred, each moment a gift, and every experience an opportunity to love. Each day would be an invitation to live more fully and to allow miracles to flow through you, to allow yourself to be a miracle.
每一天都将变得神圣，每一刻都是一份礼物，每一次经历都是爱的一次机会。每一天都会是一个更加充实生活的邀请，允许奇迹通过您流淌，让您自己成为一个奇迹。

Would that not be magical? Magical. You can decide, and you can choose. You can choose. I am creating a magical day. I am creating a magical week. I am creating a magical month. I am creating a magical life. I am the magic, the unexplainable, unforeseen, unfolding of the Divine.
那难道不是神奇的吗？神奇。您可以决定，您可以选择。您可以选择。我在创造一个神奇的一天。我在创造一个神奇的周。我在创造一个神奇的月。我在创造一个神奇的生活。我是魔法，无法解释、不可预知、展开的神性。

I am the unfathomable, unforeseen, unexplainable expression of love in the world.
我是无尽、意外、无法解释的世界之爱的表达。

Allow yourself to be the magic. You are. You are the magic, and you are the miracle because you are the master. There is nothing stopping you. There is nothing in your way.
让自己成为魔法。您本身就是。您就是魔法，您就是奇迹，因为您就是掌控者。没有什么能阻止您。没有什么是阻挡您的道路的。

Can you allow yourself the freedom to be the miracle, to be the magic, to be the master of your existence? All it takes is setting yourself free——but freedom requires responsibility. Freedom requires total responsibility for your energy. Not taking energy from others.
您能让自己拥有成为奇迹、魔法、存在的主宰者的自由吗？只需将自己解放出来——但自由需要责任。自由需要对您自己的能量完全负责。不要从他人那里夺取能量。

Not blaming others for your energy. Not feeding off others’ energy. No, take total responsibility for your energy. Total responsibility for where your consciousness is. Total responsibility will give you freedom.
不为您的能量责怪他人。不消耗他人的能量。对您的能量承担全部责任。对您意识所在之地承担全部责任。完全的责任将赋予您自由。

We know you really don’t intend to take energy from others. You don’t intend to feed off others’ energies. You don’t intend to blame others for your energy. It’s just a habit from when you didn’t understand your power.
我们知道您真的不打算从别人那里汲取能量。您不打算利用别人的能量为生。您也不打算把您的能量归咎于别人。这只是一种您在不了解自己的力量时的习惯。

It’s as simple as when you used training wheels because you hadn’t yet mastered how to ride the bike. It’s not that big of a deal. When you figure out how to ride the bike, you take the training wheels off. When you figure out your energy and how to allow it, you take total responsibility.
它就像您刚开始骑自行车时使用辅助轮一样，因为您还没有掌握如何骑自行车。这并不是什么大问题。当您学会了如何骑车，您就会去掉辅助轮。当您弄清楚您的能量以及如何允许它，您就承担起全部责任。

Taking the training wheels off the bike is total responsibility for you, as the one riding the bike, deciding where it’s going to go and how fast it’s going to go, and if it is going to go up the hill or down the hill. Total responsibility for your energy, for your consciousness.
脱下自行车的训练轮，对您这个骑车人来说，是完全的责任：决定自行车将去往何方以及以多快的速度行驶，是上山还是下山。完全负责您的能量和意识。

Because truly, consciousness is everything.
因为真正地，意识就是一切。

But how does one move into being ready to embrace a higher consciousness?
但一个人如何进入准备接受更高意识的状态呢？

How your beliefs tend to evolve in the human experience often begins with a journey of exploring religion and what it has to offer you, exploring prayer and ritual and ceremony and scripture and practices, and even exploring shared experiences with like-minded people.
您的信仰如何在人类经验中演变，往往始于探索宗教及其为您提供的内容的过程，探索祈祷、仪式、庆典、经文和实践，甚至探索与志同道合的人共享的经历。

Some of you had parents who were very, very religious. Some of you had parents who were not very religious. But there was curiosity around questions such as: What is God? What is religion’s relationship with God? How does religion relate to God?
一些父母非常、非常虔诚。一些父母的宗教信仰不是很强烈。但关于像“上帝是什么？”“宗教与上帝的关系如何？”“宗教如何与上帝相关”等问题，人们都充满了好奇。

You explored how religion related to God and how God related to religion.
您探讨了宗教与上帝的关系，以及上帝与宗教的关系。

Then you began to explore spirituality, what you might call the New Age or metaphysics. It expanded your awareness of what you thought God was. Now it included angels, it included spirit guides, it included your soul within the concept of God. Sometimes you got your energy from these things.
当您开始探索灵性领域，您可能称之为新时代或形而上学。它扩展了您对于神的理解。现在它包括了天使，包括了灵性导师，将您的灵魂纳入了神的概念之中。有时您从这些事物中获取能量。

Perhaps you believed that the angels were flowing energy to you, and that made you feel better. You explored the relationship between spirituality and God and all things that that meant for you——angels, guides, your higher self, your soul——all in relation to this concept of God and the Creator.
也许您相信天使们向您传递着能量，这让您感觉更好。您探索了灵性与神以及这些对您意味着什么——天使、指导灵、您的更高自我、您的灵魂——所有这一切都与这个关于神和创造者的概念有关联。

Who was creating it all, and where was the energy coming from? Where was the all-knowing mind, and where were the answers? Were they in the Akashic records? Where were they?
谁在创造这一切，能量从哪里来？全知的智慧在哪里，答案又在哪里？它们是否在阿卡什档案中？它们在哪里？

You knew the energy of all things that you considered sacred was available to you and you chose to bring it into your life in all of these various forms.
您知道，所有您视为神圣的事物所蕴含的能量都可供您使用，而您选择以各种形式将这些能量引入您的生命。

Now you’re ready to move into consciousness, because achieving consciousness means you are moving only to where energy serves you. You are accessing freedom and becoming the Creator of your life. We go back to saying freedom requires responsibility, total responsibility for your energy.
现在您已准备好进入意识状态，因为实现意识意味着您仅移动到能量为您服务的位置。您正在获得自由并成为您生活的主宰者。我们回归到说，自由需要责任，对您能量的全面责任。

Not blaming or feeding off any other energy. You will begin to know yourself as the Creator, as consciousness, even to know that all of it is within you, that you are that which you call God. Angels and guides and your higher self and all gods are an extension of your own consciousness.
不要责怪或依赖任何其他能量。您将开始认识到自己是创造者、意识，知道这一切都在您的内心，您就是你们所称的神。天使和导师、您更高的自我以及所有的神都是您自身意识的延伸。

They are an extension of your own consciousness, which means you have total freedom. The energy that creates worlds is always available to you when you open and allow your energy to serve you, when you become conscious of yourself as free, as the Creator.
他们是您自身意识的延伸，这意味着您拥有完全的自由。当您打开并允许您的能量为您服务时，当您意识到自己作为自由的创造者时，那种创造世界的能量总是可供您使用。


You are that which you call God.
您即是你们所称的神。

Consciousness is everything, period. Consciousness is what creates, and consciousness is what attracts energy. Consciousness is love. The more conscious you are, the more loving you are. The more conscious you are, the more open you are. The more conscious you are, the more forgiving you are.
意识即一切，毋庸置疑。意识是创造者，意识是吸引能量的源泉。意识就是爱。您越有意识，就越富有爱心。您越有意识，就越开放。您越有意识，就越宽容。

The more conscious you are, the more generous you are.
您越清醒，就越慷慨。

The healthier you are, the more abundant you are, the more loving you are, the more conscious you are. That’s not to say that people can’t be healthy and be unconscious. That’s not to say that people can’t be in love and be unconscious.
您越健康，就越丰盛，就越有爱心，就越有意识。这并不是说人们不能既健康又无意识。这也不是说人们不能在爱中而无意识。

There’s some level of consciousness there, but we are talking to you about a much deeper understanding of consciousness and of you as the Creator opening and allowing your energy.
那里有某种程度的意识，但我们在谈论的是对意识的更深刻理解，以及作为创造者的您如何开启和允许您的能量。

As you are moving from spirituality into consciousness, knowing that all things are an extension of you, you begin to really know yourself as capable of mastering your life. You have the power to take your seat at the Ascended Master table at any moment that you choose.
当您从灵性过渡到意识，认识到万物都是您的一部分时，您开始真正了解自己，有能力掌控自己的生活。您随时可以选择坐在扬升大师之席上。

You are that and so much more, but for now, you are here in this life experience. But know that it is all here for you, all accessible to you. Your journey through consciousness is opening any and every potential and possibility for you.
您不仅是这些，更是如此之多，但就现在而言，您在这一生命体验中。但要知道，所有的一切都在这里为您准备，全部都可以触及您。您通过意识之旅正开启任何和所有的潜力和可能性。

There’s some part of you that knows that you’re really getting this, that you can really feel it. Even if you can’t explain it or articulate it, you’re getting it. You can feel it. You can feel it expanding. You can feel the master within you.
您内心的一部分知道，您确实明白了这一点，您能真正地感受到它。即使您不能解释或清晰地表达出来，您仍然明白。您能感觉到它。您能感觉到它在扩展。您能感觉到内心的大师。

You can feel all the consciousness is an extension of you. You can feel what it feels like to open and allow your energy. You’re starting to really get what receiving is all about. You’re standing in your power, saying, “Show me. Show me. Show me the magic. Use me for the magic. I am the magic because I am the master. I am the magic because I am the master. I am the miracle. I am the magic. I am the master.” That is what you are. And so it is.

您可以感受到所有的意识都是您的一部分。您能感觉到它开放和允许能量的感觉。您开始真正理解接收的意义。您站在您的力量中，说：“展示给我看。展示给我看。展示给我魔法。用我来施展魔法。我是魔法，因为我掌握了魔法的精髓。我是奇迹，我是魔法。我是大师。这就是您所在的位置。事情正是如此。

How would you live your life more fully in this day, in this week, in this month, at the closing chapter of life as you knew it, as you enter total clarity, total focus, total freedom, total surrender? How would you be different in this time if you knew? Because you know now.
您将如何在这天、这周、这个月，在生命如您所知即将结束的章节中，更加充实地生活？如果您知道的话，您在这个时候会怎样不同？因为现在您知道了。

Feel it as we express these words. Say it with us. “I am the miracle. I am the master. I am the magic. I am the miracle. I am the magic. I am the master. I am the master. I am the magic. I am the miracle.” And so it is.
感受我们表达这些话语时的情感。和我们一同说出：“我是奇迹。我是大师。我是魔法。我是奇迹。我是魔法。我是大师。我是大师。我是魔法。我是奇迹。”就是这样。


I am the master. I am the magic. I am the miracle.
我是大师。我是魔法。我是奇迹。


You are. You are. You are everything you wish to be. You already are. What are you creating? What is the life you are creating, in the full and total knowing that you are the Creator, that you are creating your life experience?
您是。您是。您就是您希望成为的一切。您已经如此。您正在创造什么？在充分认识到您是创世者，您正在创造自己的生命体验的情况下，您正在创造什么样的生活？

Consider what you are creating without going into the doing, without trying to figure it out, because all of that comes from the scarcity mindset, the sense of lacking something.
考虑您所创造的，而不陷入行动，不试图弄明白它，因为所有这些都来自匮乏心态，缺乏感。

All of that is coming from a place of lack, because if you needed to figure it out, it would mean that you’re lacking something that you need or want.
所有这些都源于缺乏之处，因为如果您需要弄清楚它，那就意味着您缺少了您需要的或想要的东西。

If you’re trying to force it and make it happen, it’s because what has manifested isn’t what you want or need, which would automatically move you into a state of not-enoughness, of separation, instead of into full alignment with yourself as the Creator and your oneness with all that you are and all the extensions of consciousness that are you.
如果您试图强迫它发生，那么这是因为所显现出来的并不是您想要或需要的，这会自动使您陷入一种不足的状态，一种分离的状态，而不是与作为创造者的自己以及与所有您的存在和意识的延伸完全一致的状态。

That is what oneness means. Oneness doesn’t mean that you all come together and do the same things and want the same things and act the same way. That’s not what oneness means. You never needed it to be that way because you knew you were the master of your own life experience.
这就是“统一”的含义。统一并不意味着你们都聚在一起做同样的事情，想要同样的东西，以同样的方式行动。那不是统一的含义。你们从未需要它成为那样，因为您知道您是您自己的生命体验的主宰。

Yes, you understood that you are all consciousness, that you are all light and vibration. You knew that, but you knew everyone else was also the master. If they chose poverty, it didn’t mean you had to.
是的，您理解你们都是意识，你们都是光和振动。您知道这一点，但您同样知道其他人也是大师。如果他们选择了贫穷，这并不意味着您必须这么做。

If they chose to live in someplace you didn’t want to live, it didn’t mean that you had to live there. If they chose to be unkind to themselves, it didn’t mean that you had to be unkind to yourself.
如果他们选择住在您不愿居住的地方，并不意味着您必须生活在那里。如果他们选择对自己不好，并不意味着您必须对自己不好。

You’re really getting this. You’re really getting this. You have total freedom. But in that, you have total responsibility for you and your life and what you create. That is oneness. Oneness is to come into full and total alignment with all that you are, which is consciousness.
您真的明白了。您真的明白了。您有完全的自由。但在这其中，您需要对您和您的人生以及您所创造的一切承担全部责任。那就是一体性。一体性是指与所有您是的东西达到全面和彻底的和谐一致，那就是意识。

Full and total alignment to the consciousness that you are because consciousness attracts energy. Consciousness is everything. Consciousness is what creates.
全面而彻底地与您的意识对齐，因为意识吸引能量。意识就是一切。是意识创造了万物。

When you move through the different layers of understanding yourself as the Creator, you go beyond looking at your experience and saying, what do I want?
当您作为创造者，通过不同的理解层次来认识自己时，您将超越仅仅审视您的经历并说：“我想要什么？”

You recognize on some level when you’re looking at what is and the conditions that have manifested that you are somehow responsible for the manifestation of what is in your experience now. When you know that, you know that somehow you have influence over your conditions.
您在某种程度上意识到，当您观察所存在的事物以及导致这些现象的条件时，您对现在经历中的“所是”有所责任。当您知道这一点时，您就知道您以某种方式能影响您的条件。

You might not know how, but you know on some level you have some influence over your conditions. When you reach the point of understanding that influence on every level, you will never want for or need for anything.
您可能不知道如何，但在某种层面上，您知道自己在一定程度上可以影响自己的境遇。当您达到理解这种影响的每一层面时，您将不再需要任何东西。

You often look at what it is, and you look at what is missing, what’s wrong, what’s not whole, what’s not complete. What’s separate here from me? If I had that thing now that’s separate from me, then I would be happy here and now. I would be joyful here and now. I’d be free here and now.
您经常关注是什么，也关注缺少什么，有什么不对劲的，什么是残缺不全的。这里与我分离的是什么？如果我现在拥有那件与我分离的事物，那么我会在这里和现在感到快乐。我会在这里和现在感到喜悦。我会在此时此地获得自由。

I’d be whole. I’d be complete. I’d be worthy. I’d be enough. From that perspective of not being aligned with your wholeness and your oneness with All That Is, you start trying to figure out how you’re going to go about getting that thing. That’s how you’ve figured things out.
我将会完整。我将会完备。我将会值得。我将会足够。从那种与您的完整性以及与万有之合一不一致的视角来看，您开始试图弄清楚如何去得到那件事物。就是这样，您才解决了问题。

Forced it, chased after it, ran after it, tried to control it, manipulated all circumstances to get what you wanted. There’s nothing wrong with that, and there’s no judgment from our side ever.
强迫它，追逐它，跑着追它，试图控制它，操纵所有情况以得到您想要的。这没什么不妥，我们这边从未有过评判。

Your consciousness is far beyond all of that now. Your awareness has expanded to such a deeper understanding of how to create.
您的意识现在远超所有那些。您的认知已扩展到对如何创造的更深层次理解。

You can stand in your moment, in your power, in your wholeness, in your fullness, with full and total responsibility for what is, total acceptance of what is, because you know it’s all perfect. Then nothing’s stopping you and nothing’s in your way and nothing could ever hold you back.
您可以站立在您的当下，在您的力量中，在您完整的状态里，在您的丰满之中，对现状负责到底，完全接受现状，因为您知道一切都完美无缺。那么就没有什么能阻止您，没有什么会挡您的路，也没有什么能够永远阻挡您。

You stand in your power, in your knowing of yourself as the Creator, as the master, and you merely expand from here. You move deeper into expression from here.
您站立在您的力量中，在您对自己作为创造者、作为大师的认知之中，您仅仅从这里开始扩展。您从这里更深入地进入表达之中。

You move deeper into experience from here, in your wholeness, in your completeness, in your knowing that all things are an extension of you. Then you merely align with it. You merely open and allow. You align with it.
您从这里深入到经验中，在您的完整自我里，在您的完整性里，在您知道所有事物都是您延伸的这一点上。然后您只需与之对齐。您只需打开并允许，与之一致。


You don’t get what you want. You get what you are.
您得不到您想要的，您只能得到您之所是。


The difference between that and what many mean by manifesting is that to manifest what you want implies that you don’t have it.
与许多人理解的“显化”之间的区别在于，显化您想要的东西意味着您没有拥有它。

But if you are in the place of the Creator, you know you already have it all and you receive what you are, what’s aligned to you from your state of wholeness and completeness——the state where you are fully loving, fully being, fully living.
但是，如果您处于创造者的位置，您就会知道您已经拥有一切，您接收到的正是您的样子——与您的完整和圆满状态相吻合的东西——那个您全然爱着、全然存在、全然生活的状态。

We understand there are specific desires in your heart, but don’t create the gap or the separation. Be here now. When you’re in an experience of lack or separation and you’re not in your oneness, that creates the gaps in your experience of well-being, abundance, and joy. It can be no other way.
我们明白在您的心中有着特定的渴望，但请不要创造差距或分离。现在就待在这里。当您在缺乏或分离的经验中时，您不在您的统一状态，这会创造出您与幸福、丰盛和快乐体验中隔阂。别无他法。

When you’re in your wholeness, your fullness, your completeness, you know all that you are. When you understand fully I am the miracle, I am the magic, I am the master, and you take that out in the world, you draw so much to you. Not because you need it or you want it, because you are it.
当您处于完整、饱满和完满的状态时，您知道您的一切。当您完全理解我是奇迹，我是魔法，我是大师，您将这一点带入世界，您会吸引很多到您身上。不是因为您需要它或您想要它，因为您就是它。

Your interactions with others are so different from this place. You know that you are the miracle in the world. You know that the magic is you, and you take that with you into all your experiences. Then your body reflects that to you. Then your abundance reflects that to you.
您的互动与这里如此不同。您知道自己是世界上的奇迹。您知道魔法就是您，您将这份魔力带入您的所有经历中。然后您的身体向您反映这一点。然后您的丰盛也向您反映这一点。

Then your relationships reflect that to you. Everything that you relate with reflects your wholeness, your completeness, your oneness, your perfection. In that, you can love your life again. You can love the world again, you can love humanity the way you intended to.
然后您的关系反映给您自己。您与之相关的每一件事都反映了您的完整性、您的完满、您的统一和您的完美。在那其中，您可以再次热爱生活。您可以再次热爱世界，您可以按照您的意图去爱人类。

You can live and love and be in this experience knowing you are everything you wish to be. You already are.
您可以生活、相爱，并在这个体验中存在，深知您已经是您希望成为的一切。您已经是了。

This time is so magnificent! Say to yourself, “I am the miracle, I am the magic, I am the master——and so it is,” and watch your life experience unfold.
这次如此壮观！对自己说，“我是奇迹，我是魔法，我是大师——就是这样，”然后看着您的生活经历展开。

Watch your magnificence be reflected back to you in all that you are and be present in knowing that this is indeed an important time, an exciting time, a wonderful time.
观察您的辉煌在您所做的一切中映照回来，并在认识到这确实是一个重要的时刻、一个激动人心的时刻、一个美好的时光中保持当下。

What if, just what if, this were the final chapter of this magnificent story you’ve been telling? Would it be a happily ever after? Would it be legendary? Would you be a legacy? Would you illuminate the potential in others, in the world? It is your happily ever after forevermore.
如果，仅仅是如果，这竟是您所讲述的这个伟大故事的终章？会是幸福的结局吗？会是传世之作吗？您将成为传奇吗？您会照亮他人、照亮世界的潜能吗？这是您永恒的幸福结局。


This is your happily ever after forevermore.
这是您的永远幸福快乐的结局。


We have so much love for you. We know our message is strong, but we love you, we love you, we love you. We know the truth of all that you are. We see you in your perfection always.
我们对您有着如此深厚的爱。我们知道我们的信息是强烈的，但我们爱您，我们爱您，我们爱您。我们深知您所有的真相。我们始终看到您的完美。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES 关键信息

You are the Creator within your own creation of reality.
您是您自己创造的现实中至高无上的创造者。

There is nothing better than fully living your life, fully loving yourself, and allowing magic to present itself to you in your life experience all of the time.
没有什么比完全地生活、充分地爱自己，以及让您的生活中始终有魔法出现更好了。

In knowing the consciousness that you are, you do not need or want for anything. Creation comes from a place of wholeness and pureness.
在认识到您自己的意识时，您不再需要或想要任何东西。创造源于完整与纯净之地。

Your consciousness is what will ignite your soul. Your consciousness is what will excite you and delight you.
您的意识是点燃灵魂的火花。您的意识是让您兴奋和愉悦的东西。

Freedom requires total responsibility for your energy. Not taking energy from others. Not blaming others for your energy. Not feeding off others’ energy. Total responsibility for where your consciousness is.
自由需要对您能量的全面责任。不从他人那里汲取能量。不因自己的能量而责怪他人。不依赖于他人的能量。对您的意识所在之处负有全面的责任。

Oneness is to come into full and total alignment with all that you are, which is consciousness.
一体的意义是与您所是的全部完全和彻底地对齐，即意识。

You don’t get what you think you want. You get more of what you are.
您得不到您想要的东西。您得到更多的是您所是的。

Allow yourself to be the magic. There is nothing stopping you. There is nothing in your way.
让自己成为魔法。没有什么能阻挡您。没有什么是您的障碍。



CHAPTER 3 STEP INTO THE I AM CREATOR FREQUENCY  进入我是创造者频率
In this chapter, The Council welcomes you into a new experience where you can perceive your absolute perfection in every moment, being totally satiated as you live and love fully.
在这一章中，Council欢迎您进入一个新体验，在那里您可以感知到自己在每一刻的绝对完美，在充分生活和爱的过程中完全满足。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to welcome you into a new experience of you, a new you.
我们非常高兴并荣幸地有机会欢迎您进入一个全新的您，一个新的您。

Not because the prior versions of you were not magnificent——they were indeed——but a new you who knows who you really are and delights and marvels in more deeply discovering all that is here for you.
不因为你们之前的版本不够辉煌——它们确实很辉煌——而是新的你们，知道你们真正的自己，并且更加深入地发现这里为你们所准备的一切而感到喜悦和惊奇。

You have bridged Heaven and Earth to create a reality where you have truly remembered that Heaven on Earth is here for you.
您架起了天地之桥，创造了一个让您真正记住人间天堂就在您身边的现实。

How would you like to live in Heaven on Earth? How do you like to love in Heaven on Earth? How would you like to play in Heaven on Earth? How do you like to create in Heaven on Earth?
您希望在人间过天堂般地生活吗？您喜欢在人间天堂般地去爱吗？您想要在人间天堂般地玩耍吗？您喜欢在人间创造天堂吗？

You know how to create through force and effort. You know what it’s like to struggle and sacrifice. You know what it feels like to experience lack, limitation, fear, and separation. So now ask yourself, What does my experience look like in Heaven on Earth?
您懂得如何通过力量和努力去创造。您知道挣扎与牺牲是什么滋味。您也体会过缺乏、限制、恐惧和分离的感觉。所以现在问问您自己，我的人间天国经历是什么样的？

What does your experience look like in Heaven on Earth?
您的天堂般的人间经历是怎样的？

That is what is here for you now. A new you, a decade of mastery where you fully live in Heaven on Earth. It is in the palm of your hands. Before you is the kingdom. Within you is the kingdom. All around you is the kingdom. Heaven on Earth is here for you, and it is here for you now.
那正是现在属于您的。一个全新的您，十年的精通，让您完全生活在人间的天堂。它掌握在您的手中。在您面前是王国。在您内心深处是王国。四面八方都是王国。人间天堂为您而来，而且现在就为您而来。

We’re going to express something a little differently than we ever have before because we want you to understand what Heaven on Earth is. Heaven on Earth is a new state of consciousness. We also call it the New Earth as it is a new consciousness.
我们将以一种与我们以往不同的方式表达，因为我们希望您理解什么是人间天堂。人间天堂是一种新的意识状态。我们也称它为新地球，因为它是一种新的意识。

It is you allowing yourself to step into elevated, expanded levels of consciousness and beginning to bring through you an expanded perspective of what’s possible in your human experience.
它是因为您让自己进入更高的、扩展的意识层次，并开始让您体验到一个更广阔的视角，关于您在人类经历中可能做到的事情。

Heaven on Earth is a perception. It’s a way of perceiving in this experience. You are remembering how to create your reality without having to create an experience of lack in order to move it into form.
人间天堂是一种感知。它是在这个体验中的认知方式。您正在回忆如何创造您的现实，而不必通过创造缺乏的体验来将其转化为形态。


Heaven on Earth——the New Earth——is an elevated state of consciousness. It is an expanded way of perceiving. And you can access it.
人间天堂——新地球，是一种提升的意识状态，它是一种扩展的感知方式，
并且您可以进入其中。


Consciousness, as we have said, is everything. Now you’re going to really understand why. Because that’s what creates the magic. That’s what creates the miracles. That’s what creates the potentials and possibilities.
意识，正如我们所言，是一切。现在您将真正理解为什么。因为那创造了魔法，那创造了奇迹，那创造了潜力和可能性。

That’s what creates your life and your reality to be everything you wish it to be.
这是您生活的创造，也是您现实的实现，使之成为您所期望的一切。

Yet you may be realizing that it is in being here now, in your Heaven on Earth, that you do not desire to be anywhere else but here, now. You don’t need anything, and you don’t want anything, because you know from the level of consciousness that you are in that you truly do have it all. You do.
然而，您可能意识到，正是在此刻的此地，在您的人间天堂，您不再渴望去任何其他地方。您不需要任何东西，也不想要任何东西，因为从意识的层面上，您知道自己已经拥有了一切。您就是。

Indeed, the next 10 years of time and space as you experience them will not be about transformation in the way the past 10 years have been. It’s not about fixing yourself. It’s not about getting what you don’t have. It’s not about trying to transform the unwanted into the wanted.
的确，您即将体验的接下来的十年时光与空间并不会像过去十年那样发生转变。这并不是关于修复自己。这并不是关于得到您没有的东西。这也不是关于将不喜欢的事物转化为喜欢的事物。

You have had that type of transformation, where you experienced lack and created what fullness would be after having explored limitation. You explored suffering. You explored worry and stress. You also explored how it took a lot of effort and momentum and action to move things into form.
您经历了那种类型的转变，体验了缺乏，在探索限制后创造了之后的充盈。您探索了痛苦。您探索了担忧和压力。您还探索了要花费大量的努力、势头和行动才能将事物转化为形态。

That transformation has occurred. There’s no longer anything to wait for. You’re not waiting for anyone else or for some big event in the ethers to facilitate your transformation. You are transformed because you’re here now.
那场转变已经发生。不再有等待的东西了。您不再是等待其他人或等待某种发生在以太中的重大事件来促进您的转变。您之所以已经转变，是因为您现在就在这里。

Now it is time to play and create in a new level of consciousness. You can play, you can enjoy, because you are where you need to be. You have the power to create because you are the Creator.
现在是您提升意识层次，进行游戏和创造的时候了。您可以玩耍，您可以享受，因为您已经身处您需要的地方。您拥有创造的力量，因为您是造物主。

This is your decade of mastery and magic and miracles and understanding how to create your reality without having to drag it into density and lack and limitation, or having to create a gap between where you are and what you want.
这是您掌握、魔法和奇迹的十年，以及理解如何在没有将其拖入密度、缺乏和限制的情况下创造您的现实，不必在现在的您和想要成为的您之间制造隔阂。

You’re moving beyond polarity into pure bliss and beauty and feeling totally satiated in every moment of your life experience.
您正超越极性，进入纯粹的幸福和美之中，在生活的每个时刻都感到完全满足。


The transformation has occurred. There’s nothing to wait for. Now is the time to play and create in new levels of consciousness.
变革已经发生，无需等待。现在是时候在新层次的意识中游玩和创造了。


There’s nothing to fix because there’s nothing wrong with you. You’re not broken. There’s nothing more to do. It’s all done. It’s all here.
这里没有需要修复的地方，因为您没有任何问题。您没有破碎。没有什么更多要做的事了。一切都已完成。一切都在这里。

It’s about receiving all that is here for you, all that you have become, and not just celebrating who you are on one day of the year, and not just celebrating life on special occasions, but celebrating every day and marveling in the magic that is all around you all the time. It is. It truly is.
它关乎接收这里为您准备的一切，成为的那个您，而不仅仅是庆祝一年中某一天的您自己，也不仅仅是庆祝特殊场合的生命，而是庆祝每一天，并对时刻围绕在您身边的魔法感到惊奇。它是的，这千真万确。

As you move into this new experience, we want to talk to you about setting intentions or making resolutions and how we would look at it a little differently. You probably are looking at it a little differently yourself.
当您迈向这一新体验时，我们想与您讨论设定意图或制定决议，以及我们会以不同的视角来看待它。您可能也会从自己的不同角度来考虑这件事。

Making a resolution would mean that something’s wrong with you or that you’re not doing something right. You may move into judgment of what you’re doing wrong or what you need to do better, and that would not feel very good to you.
解决一个问题意味着您有问题，或者您没有正确地做事。您可能会对自己的错误或需要改进的地方做出评判，这对您来说不会感觉很好。

Even setting goals for a specific time frame probably feels a bit archaic, like something you did in your earlier years, because you have reached a level of spiritual maturity, a level of consciousness, a level of awareness where you don’t need to create a gap——of where I am and what I need, and comparing that to who you wish to be 
即使为特定的时间范围设定目标，也可能让您觉得有些过时，就像您早年做的事情一样，因为您已经达到了一个灵性成熟的层次，一个意识的层次，一个觉知的层次，在那里您不需要制造出一个“我在哪里”和“我需要什么”之间的差距，并将其与自己想成为的样子相比。

——in order to experience more of something. You don’t need to find something wrong with you to continue to expand and evolve and become all that you are. You are where you are, and you can expand into who you will become with joy and ease.
——以便体验更多的事物。您不必在自身寻找错误来持续扩展和进化，变得充满您的一切。您就在当地，您可以愉快而轻松地扩张成为未来的您。

It is a shift. It’s a different way of perceiving, and we really want you to understand what this means. We really want you to understand how perception creates your reality.
这是一个转变。这是一种不同的感知方式，我们真的希望您能理解这代表了什么。我们真的希望您明白感知是如何创造您的现实的。

If you start to perceive your absolute perfection in every moment and allow yourself to be totally satiated because you know your own perfection, then there’s no lack of anything——ever. You’ll find that reality moves through you, that you’re the one directing reality——your own reality.
如果您开始感知到自己在每一刻的绝对完美，并允许自己完全满足于自己的完美，那么您将永远不会缺乏任何事物——永远。您会发现现实穿越您而流动，您就是那个引导现实——您自己的现实的人。

As you perceive life from a more expanded, elevated state of consciousness, you begin to fully realize yourself as the Creator of your life experience.
随着您从更加拓展、升华的意识状态去感知生活，您开始完全认识到自己作为您生命体验的创造者的身份。

You are the Creator of your life experience, and everything in your reality is an extension of you. All That Is is an extension of you. When you begin to realize yourself as the Creator that you are, you remember what the frequency of I Am Creator feels like in form.
您是自己生命体验的创造者，您现实中的每一件事都是您的延伸。一切存在都是您的延伸。当您开始意识到自己作为创造者的身份时，您会记得“我是创造者”这一频率的感觉是什么样的。

You’re here in the human experience. You’re here in a plane of form to play in form. You can play in density or you can play in Heaven on Earth. You can dance with creation or to challenge yourself, you can navigate through the murky waters on your own. Either way, you’re going to get there.
您在人类体验中。您在这里，以物资形态的玩耍。您可以玩密度游戏，也可以在天地之间游玩。您可以与创造共舞或挑战自我，您可以独自穿越浑浊的水域。无论如何，您都会到达那里。

You’re going to remember who you really are. You’re going to know. You’re going to know the Creator that you are of your life experience, so there’s nothing wrong with the little challenges that you create for yourself. They all just lead you back to you. They all just help you remember your power.
您将会记住您真正的身份。您会知道的。您会知道您是自己生活经验的创造者，所以您自己为自己创造的的小小挑战并没有什么错。它们都只是把您引导回自己。它们都只是帮助您记得您的力量。

They help you get clear on what you want more of, but you no longer need to explore the unwanted with experiences of lack or suffering or struggle to create more of what you already are.
他们帮助您明确自己需要更多的是什么，但您不再需要通过缺乏、苦难或努力创造来探索那些不需要的东西。

When you truly realize who you are in your essence, then it’s just a beautiful dance with creation, and you can play in Heaven on Earth because you know your reality is a result of your perception——how you’re perceiving.
当您真正认识到您的本质时，那就只是一种与创造的美丽舞蹈，您可以在人间天堂中尽情玩耍，因为您知道您的现实是您感知的结果——您是如何感知的。

When you are perceiving life through an expanded, elevated state of consciousness, then every experience will feel like Heaven on Earth. Your experience of life will be one where you are fully living, fully loving, totally satiated.
当您通过扩展、提升的意识状态感知生活时，每一个体验都将感觉如同人间天堂。您的人生体验将是一种全面地活着、全情地爱着、完全满足的状态。

Because many in this time are focused on potential, it’s a magical time in your collective consciousness where you can more easily take quantum leaps in shifting your perspective, expanding your awareness, and elevating your consciousness to a whole new level.
因为在这个时代许多人关注潜能，这是一个在您的集体意识中充满魔力的时期，您可以更容易地实现视角的量子跳跃，拓展您的意识，并将您的意识提升到全新的层次。

What you’re going for is experiencing the I Am Creator frequency more often throughout the day. The space that doing so creates in your life——the beauty, the joy, the bliss, the ease, the abundance, the richness, the riches, the love (oh, the love), the harmony, the collaboration——is magnificent.
您所追求的是在日常中更频繁地体验“我是创造者”的频率。这样做，在您的生命中创造的空间——美丽、喜悦、极乐、轻松、丰盛、丰盛、财富（哦，爱情）、和谐、合作——是壮丽的。

It’s magnificent.
它很壮观。

While we recognize that many set goals and many make resolutions during times of change or turmoil or dissatisfaction or even growth, we would invite you to go into the most expanded version of you, the greatest version of you, and feel into that.
当我们承认在变化、动荡、不满甚至成长时许多人设定目标和许下诺言，我们仍会邀请您进入最扩张的您，最大的您，并感受那里。

Live the way you would live if you already were the greatest version of you. The only thing that stands between you and you being the greatest version of you, the Creator that you are of your life experience, is your belief in your own worthiness.
活出您是自己最伟大版本时的样子。在您成为自己生命经历中那个最伟大的版本和您之间唯一的障碍，是您对自己价值的信念。

Believe that you really are worthy, that you really are good enough, that there really isn’t anything wrong with you. There really isn’t anything to fix. There isn’t. There’s nothing wrong with you, and there’s nothing to fix. You never were broken. You never were. So, let it go. Let it go.
相信您真的值得，您真的足够好，您真的没有错。真的没有什么需要改正的。真的没有。您没有任何问题，也没有什么需要改进的地方。您从未破碎过。您从未是那样的。所以，放手吧。放手吧。


The only thing that stands between you and you being the greatest version of you is your belief in your own worthiness.
唯一阻挡您成为最伟大版本自己的，是您对自己价值的信念。


The journey through the transformation time has come and gone. Be here now, be the greatest version of all that you are here and now and remember that you’re free. You’re free from the memories of the past. You’re free from the events of your past, of what’s happened to you, for you.
旅程已穿越转变时光而来去。现在在此，成为最伟大的此刻的您自己，记住您是自由的。您自由于过往的记忆之中。您自由于过去的经历、您所遭遇的一切。

You’re free from the stories. You’re free from your belief in not being good enough. You’re free from your guilt. You’re free from the shame. You’re free from all those things that you explored on your journey to here and now.
您从故事中解脱出来。您摆脱了对不够好的信念。您释放了您的罪恶感。您摆脱了羞耻。您从所有那些在您通往现在这一刻的旅程中所探索的事物中解脱出来。

Are you really ready in this new day, in this new-you energy, in this new-you frequency, in this new-you consciousness to set yourself free and come home to the truth within?
您在这新的一天、新的自我能量、新的自我频率以及新的自我意识中，真的准备好了让自己解脱并回归内心的真相了吗？

Some ask why it is that you don’t remember your past lives. We tell you, with great love for you, because it’s just not that big of a deal. Why would you remember them? You gained all that served you in every experience. You expanded your awareness. You expanded your consciousness.
一些人们问为什么您记不起前生。我们告诉你们，出于对你们的深深爱意，因为这真的不是什么大问题。您为什么要记得它们？您在每一次经历中获得了所有对您有益的东西。您的觉知得到了扩展，您的意识也得到了拓展。

You grew and evolved through all of it. It’s just not that big of a deal. The same is true with everything in this life experience. Let it go. It’s a new day. It’s a new time. This is the new you. Let it all go.
您经历了这一切的成长与变化。这并非什么大事。在人生的所有经历中，情况都是如此。放手吧。这是新的一天。这是新的时代。这就是崭新的您。一切尽释怀。

Catch yourself when you go into the story, catch yourself when you go into guilt, catch yourself when you go into shame, because what you’re doing is turning around and running out of the gate. You’re running out of the gate.
抓住自己进入故事的时候，抓住自己陷入罪恶感的时候，抓住自己感到羞耻的时候，因为您正在转身跑出大门。您正在跑出大门。

You’re standing in Heaven on Earth, and you are turning, and you’re running out of the gate. You’re running back into the darkness, into the density, into the shame, into the guilt, into the old, into limitation, and you find yourself in a dark, lonely place that you don’t want to be anymore.
您站在人间天堂，正在转身，从大门跑出去。您跑进黑暗中，进入密集处，羞愧、罪恶感、旧时光、限制之中，发现自己陷入了一个不想再待的阴暗孤独之地。

Let it go. It’s not that big of a deal. It’s a whole new you here and now. You can transcend everything in this life, and choose to be the living, loving, breathing being that you are. That you are.
让它去吧。这并不是什么大事。现在的您已经是全新的您了。您可以超越这一生中的所有事物，选择成为活着、爱着、呼吸的您自己。您就是您。

As you shift your awareness or your perception to understanding that Heaven on Earth is a new consciousness, New Earth is a new consciousness, this time is a new consciousness, the next decade is a new consciousness, the new you is a new consciousness——this is really important——understand that whatever you are holding in your consciousness is contributing to human consciousness. 
随着您将您的意识或感知转移到理解人间天堂是一种新的意识，新地球是一种新的意识，现在是新的意识，下一个十年是新的意识，新的您是新的意识——这真的很重要——您所持有的意识正在为人类意识做出贡献。

It’s contributing to global consciousness. As you expand your consciousness into the higher potentials and the grander possibilities of what’s truly possible for you here, you infuse that into human consciousness.
它正在促进全球意识。随着您将意识扩展到更高的潜能和更广阔的可能性，并将这些注入人类意识之中。


As you expand your consciousness to what’s really possible, you infuse that into human consciousness.
随着您将意识扩展到真正可能的事物，您将其注入人类意识之中。


Understand this. This is why you’re in form. This is why you’re in a body. This is why you came into this human experience. We’ve said that we’re here to help you remember who you are, why you are here, and what you intended.
理解这。这就是您之所以处于物质形态的原因。这就是您存在于身体中的原因。这就是为什么您来到这场人类经历中。我们说过，我们是来帮助您记住您是谁、您来这里的原因以及您的意图。

What you intended was to come into form and expand human consciousness through your own consciousness of what’s possible. It takes someone in form accessing higher consciousness to begin to move those higher potentials and possibilities into the human experience. That’s the New Earth.
您意图通过对您能实现之事的意识来形成自我，并通过您的意识扩展人类意识。要开始将那些更高潜能和可能性转移到人类经验中，需要具备形式存在并接触更高意识的人。这就是新地球。

That’s what Heaven on Earth is. That’s what it means. That’s why you’re so important.
那便是人间天堂。这就是它的含义。这也是您之所以如此重要的原因。

We are bringing in a whole new awareness and perspective of your life experience. We are expanding upon your purpose, your divine plan. There’s more. There’s much, much more.
我们正在带来一种全新的对您生活经历的意识和视角。我们在扩大您的目标，您的神圣计划。还有更多，更多。

The more of you who integrate this within the collective that is all of you, the more you all will expand your consciousness. The awareness that is here will evolve and move into your experience.
越多人将这融入你们大家的集体中，你们的意识就会扩展得越多。这里的意识将会进化并进入你们的经验之中。

All of that leads to grander potentials, greater possibilities, a way of living and loving and being in a New Earth, in Heaven on Earth, in this life experience.
所有这些都指向更伟大的潜力、更多的可能性，一种在新地球上的生活方式和爱的方式，在人间天堂的生活体验中。

As you fully remember how important your consciousness is, you begin to see why you went through the transformation you went through and why it’s here and now that you’re ready to really understand it more and expand your awareness and your consciousness.
如您充分认识到意识的重要性，您开始明白自己经历了哪些转变以及为何是在此刻、在这个时刻准备更深入地理解并扩展您的意识和觉知。

Because if you knew how free you were at certain times in your experience, you would have gone into a hellish experience, blaming yourself, shaming yourself, feeling guilty, getting stuck in the muck, in the mud.
因为如果您知道在您的经历中某些时刻您有多么自由，您就会陷入一个地狱般的存在，责怪自己，羞辱自己，感到愧疚，陷入泥潭和困境中。

You determine your reality with every choice you make, because your reality is merely an extension of you and your perception.
您通过每一次选择确定您的现实，因为您的现实只是您和您感知的延伸。

On the other side of the transformation, you can look back and realize that all is forgiven, you are forgiven, there’s only love. When you know better, you do better.
在转变的另一边，您可以回顾并意识到一切都得到了原谅，您也被原谅了，只有爱。当您知道得更好时，您就做得更好。

As you elevate your consciousness, you move through this life experience with ease and grace and love, and you begin to be impeccable with the reality you’re creating.
随着您提升您的意识，您将轻松优雅地通过这个生命体验，并带着爱意，开始对您的创造的现实无所瑕疵。

We are going to expand on this because, for example, to set a goal means that you move into density and the sensation of lack, of scarcity.
我们将在此基础上进行扩展，因为例如，设定目标意味着您进入了密集和缺乏、稀缺的感觉。

You create the gap in this moment, and you manifest in density until you remember how to create your reality from your alignment to the I Am Creator frequency which is always available to you.
您在此刻创造了差距，并在密度中显化，直到您记得如何从与“我是创造者”频率的对齐中创造出您的现实，这个频率总是对您可用。

Some have asked, Is there destiny in what’s coming? If I don’t set a bunch of goals, if I don’t make a big plan, maybe I won’t get anywhere. Maybe I will just sort of hover around where I am. We assure you that is not the case.
一些人问，即将发生的事情中是否有命运？如果我不再设定一串目标，如果不制定一个大计划，也许我无处可去。也许我只会原地踏步。我们向您保证这不是事实。

When you are really in the I Am Creator frequency, everything comes to you, everything’s clear, everything’s easy. It is.
当您真正处于“我是创造者”频率时，一切都会降临于您，一切都清晰明了，一切都变得容易。它就是如此。

Yes, there are things moving and changing and transforming. There are new realities that you’re going to step into living, more expanded realities, more beautiful realities, more loving realities, more abundant realities. There are.
是的，有事物在移动、变化和转化。您将踏入新的生活现实，更广阔的现实，更美好的现实，更具爱的现实，更丰盛的现实。有的。

You’re going to learn how to live in the I Am Creator frequency, creating more of what you are without needing to drag your creations into density for you to fully experience living them.
您将学习如何生活在“我是创造者”频率中，创造出更多的自我，而无需把您的创作拖入密度中以充分体验生活的它们。

This is part of being impeccable. You can live within any chosen reality you desire to experience without moving it into density, without creating the lack of it, without having to push against the unwanted to align with more of what you already are.
这是完美的组成部分。您可以在任何期望体验的现实中进行生活，无需将其带入密度中，无需创造它的缺乏，也无需对抗所不想的事物以与更多已经存在的自己对齐。


You can live within any chosen reality you desire to experience without having to push against the unwanted to align with more of what you already are.
您可以生活在任何您渴望体验的所选择的现实中，无需对抗不想要的，以更多与您已有的相一致。


Being impeccable is part of a grander conversation we’re going to have as you move into the decade of living as the master that you are of your life experience, truly understanding how you and the universe and All That Is work together. Because, as we’ve said, All That Is is an extension of you.
作为完美无缺是您进入生活大师这一阶段的更大对话的一部分，您真正理解了您、宇宙以及一切是如何相互协作的。因为正如我们所说，一切存在都是您的延伸。

You are an extension of the Source. The Source is an extension of you. You are an aspect of the Divine. The Divine is an aspect of you. You are that which you call God, and God is in everything. So, of course, you create your own reality.
您是一切的延伸。一切是您的延伸。您是神的一部分，神也是您的一部分。您就是您称之为神，而神存在于万物之中。所以，当然，您创造了您自己的现实。

What you’re really asking for is how to do that with ease and grace in the most magical, miraculous, magnificent ways——how to really remember what it’s like to play in Heaven on Earth and dance with all of creation here now.
您真正寻求的是如何以最神奇、最奇妙的、最壮观的方式轻松优雅地做到这一点——如何真的记住在人间天堂玩耍和在此时此地与所有创造物共舞的感觉。

That’s Heaven on Earth. That’s the New Earth. That’s the state of consciousness that is the new you, that is this new time, that is your next decade.
那是人间天堂。那就是新地球。那是一种新的意识状态，那是新的您，那是这个新时代，那是您的下一个十年。

If you are to set any goal or make any intention, let it be to be fully satiated more of the time. Let it be to feel the I Am Creator frequency in every cell of your body more of the time. Let it be to feel yourself dancing with creation more of the time.
如果您要设定任何目标或做出任何意图，让它成为更多时候完全满足。让它成为更多时候感受到自己是创造者频率的每一细胞。让它成为更多时候与您自己的创造一起跳舞的感觉。

But more than anything, let it be here and now in the space around you and in the space within you. In the space within you, you are perceiving the reality of being totally satiated. You’re perceiving the reality of being free to fully live any and every experience that is possible for you.
但最重要的是，让它存在于您周围的空间以及您内心的空间中。在您的内心空间里，您感知到完全满足的现实。您在感知着能够自由充分体验所有可能经历的现实。

Here and now, in this sacred space, you are being the miracle, being the magic, being the light of the world that you are. In that, you will draw your destiny to you, and the divine plan will unfold through you.
在此刻此地，在这神圣的空间中，您正成为奇迹，成为魔法，成为世界之光。在这一点上，您将吸引您的命运到身边，而神圣的计划将通过您展开。

It’s not something you chase after. It’s not something you pursue. It’s not something you figure out. You draw it to you. The future comes to you.
这不是您追逐的东西。这不是您追求的东西。这也不是您设法弄清楚的事情。您需要吸引它到您身边。未来会来找您。

You can create in such an impeccable way that you move yourself into the reality you choose through your perception, and the experience unfolds with ease and certainty and clarity. There’s no asking. There’s no wondering. There’s no trying to figure it out. It’s here, and it’s now, and it’s you.
您可以如此完美地创造，以至于通过您的感知将您自己带入您选择的真实世界，体验顺畅、确定且清晰展开。无需询问。无需疑惑。无需试图弄懂这一切。它就在这里，现在就是此刻，就是您。

That is where you are going. That is the new you, a new time, the New Earth, Heaven on Earth.
那正是您的归宿。那是新的您，新时光，新地球，人间天堂。

How would you live in Heaven on Earth? How would you love in Heaven on Earth? How would you play in Heaven on Earth? How would you create in Heaven on Earth? Those are the questions. It is here for you now.
您如何在人间天堂中生活？您如何在人间天堂中相爱？您如何在人间天堂中玩耍？您如何在人间天堂中创造？这些问题就是了。现在，这些都为您准备好了。

Feel for the knowing within you, and you will know yourself as the Creator of your life experience. You will recognize the absolute limitless potential that exists within you, the endless possibilities that await you, and the understanding that you are everything you wish to be.
感知您内心的认知，您就会认识到自己是生命体验的创造者。您会意识到内心所蕴含的绝对无限潜能、等待您的无尽可能性以及您将成为一切您所希望成为的理解。

You already are the person you wish to be.
您已经是您希望成为的人。

We celebrate you. We celebrate you here and now. We celebrate how far you have come. We celebrate where you are going. We celebrate you coming home. This is a celebration of you coming home to you. Welcome home. Welcome home. Welcome home. We love you. We love you. We love you.
我们庆祝您。我们现在在这里庆祝您。我们庆祝您所走过的路。我们庆祝您的未来方向。我们庆祝您回家。这是为您回家的庆祝活动。欢迎回家。欢迎回家。欢迎回家。我们爱您。我们爱您。我们爱您。

Take a deep breath. Let it in. Take a deep breath. Let it in. Take a deep breath. Let it in. And so it is.
深呼吸，让它进入。深呼吸，让它进入。深呼吸，让它进入。就这样了。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES 关键信息

Heaven on Earth is a perception. It’s an elevated way of perceiving in this human experience.
人间天堂是一种感知。它是在人类体验中的一种升华的看待方式。

You have reached a level of spiritual maturity, a level of consciousness, a level of awareness where you don’t need to create the gap between who you wish to be and who you are in order to experience something you want.
您已经达到了一个灵性成熟的程度，一个意识层次，一个意识的水平，在那里您不需要在您想成为的人和您所是之间创造差距，来体验您想要的东西。

The only thing that stands between you and you being the greatest version of you is your belief in your own worthiness.
介于您和您成为最好的自己的唯一障碍，是您对自己的价值认同。

If you are to set any goal or make any intention, let it be to be fully satiated more of the time, to feel the I Am Creator frequency in every cell of your body more of the time, and to feel yourself dancing with creation more of the time.
如果您要设定任何目标或意图，让它成为更经常地完全满足自己，更频繁地在身体的每一个细胞中感受到我是创造者的频率，以及更多时候感觉自己与创造共舞。

When you begin to realize yourself as the Creator that you are, you remember what the frequency of I Am Creator feels like in form.
当您开始意识到您自己就是那个创造者时，您将记得“我是创造者”这种频率的形式感是什么样子的。

When you exist in the I Am Creator frequency, everything comes to you, everything’s clear, everything’s easy.
当您处于我是创造者频率时，一切都会来到您身边，一切都变得清晰，一切都变得容易。

You are that which you call God, and God is in everything.
您就是您所称呼的神，而神存在于一切之中。



CHAPTER 4 THE PATH OF THE WAYSHOWER引领者之路

In this chapter, The Council encourages you to stay conscious and act from your heart because whatever you feel is what you contribute to the world.
在这一章中，Council鼓励您保持警觉并从心底出发行动，因为您的感受就是您为世界贡献的东西。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to speak with you on this glorious day, in this glorious time, as you find yourself in the absolute knowing of the mastery that you have over your life experience.
我们非常高兴和兴奋有机会在这辉煌的日子里，在这样一个辉煌的时刻与您交谈，正如您发现自己绝对掌握着自己的生活经历。

You’re going to see how this all has led to here and now and why you have been on this journey of becoming all that you are. You have been asking to live your purpose. You have been asking to be a wayshower. You have been asking to be of service.
您将看到这一切是如何导致现在的状况，以及为什么您要踏上成为您的全部的旅程。您一直在寻求活出您的使命。您一直在寻求成为引领者。您一直在寻求服务他人。

We have said to you that this is about living your life fully, allowing your life to be everything that you intended it to be, and fully loving——fully loving yourself and fully loving your life experience.
我们曾对您说，这是关于充分生活，让您的生活成为您想要的一切，以及完全地爱——完全地爱自己，完全地爱您的人生经历。

We will begin by reminding you of the transformation experience. You have been going through a decade and then some of transformation, of really moving through the process of changing form, changing perspective, changing physical environment, and changing your reality.
我们将从提醒您关于转变经历开始。您已经经历了数十年的变化，真正地经历了改变形态、改变观点、改变物理环境和改变您现实的过程。

As we have said, you are reality. You are reality. You are reality, and you’re moving through this experience with a perspective of what you draw into your field and into your reality.
如您所说，您是现实。您是现实。您是现实，您正带着您所吸引到您的领域和现实中的视角经历这个过程。

We want you to start practicing. This is something new and expanded that we want you to start realizing for yourself. Your brain is never going to understand that everything you experience, your perception of everything, is an extension of your energy. It’s all you.
我们希望您开始练习。这是我们希望您自己开始意识到的新的扩展内容。您的头脑永远不会理解到，您所经历的一切、对一切的认识都是您能量的延伸。这一切都属于您。

If you really stay present in the moment, in your consciousness, you can recognize that everything that you perceive is your own energy. There is nothing and no one out there controlling your experience. Nothing is taking energy from you.
如果您真正地活在当下，在自己的意识中，您就能认识到您所感知的一切都是您的能量。外面没有任何事物或任何人控制着您的经历。没有什么东西正在从您那里夺取能量。

In fact, no one can take your energy from you, and you need not take energy from others because your energy is all that you ever need in this life experience.
事实上，没有人能从您那里夺取您的能量，而您也不需要从他人那里获取能量，因为您在这一生的经历中所需要的能量全部都来自自己。

Energy is different from consciousness. This is important. But first, we want you to understand that while there is a difference between energy and consciousness, there is also a place where energy and consciousness are one. Other people are merely a reflection of you and your reality.
能量与意识不同。这很重要。但首先，我们希望您理解，尽管能量和意识之间存在差异，但它们也有一致之处。其他人只是您和您现实的反映。

Understand that while you can perceive a consciousness that is different than yours, everything is your energy.
理解到，尽管您能感知不同于您的意识，但一切皆为您之能量。

Start moving through the world by not creating separation, not going into judgment, but instead by understanding that another person is merely a different consciousness than the consciousness you know as you.
开始通过不制造隔阂，不去评判，而是理解另一个人不过是您所知的自我意识之外的一种不同意识，在世界中移动。


While you can perceive a consciousness that is different than yours, everything is your energy.
尽管您能感知到不同于您的意识，但万物皆是您能量。


Everything is energy, and consciousness is everything. Your brain works with form, and it’s a wonderful thing, because it runs all the systems in your body that keep you alive.
万物皆能量，意识即为一切。大脑以形态运作，这是一件美妙的事情，因为它运行着维持您生命的一切身体系统。

It perceives through physical senses what you see, what you hear, what you taste, what you touch, what you smell, and finally, what you think. Thinking is a perceiving mechanism.
它通过物理感官感知您所见、所闻、所尝、所触、所嗅，最终，所思。思考是一种感知机制。

Consciousness is not a perceiving mechanism or a sense, and that is why your brain can’t really perceive that another being is consciousness in form.
意识并非感知机制或感官，这就是为什么您的大脑无法真正感知另一个实体在形态上是意识的。

This relates greatly to what we have been teaching about moving beyond judgment. You can be discerning. You can choose, without judgment, to not entangle. You can recognize that another is of a different consciousness than you without judging them as being wrong or even as being right.
这与我们一直所教授的超越判断有很大关系。您可以明辨是非。您可以不加评判地选择不去纠缠。您能够意识到他人与您拥有不同的意识，而不去评判他们是否错误或正确。

You can say, this feels aligned. You can say, this feels good. But it’s not so much the good that trips you up. It’s when you perceive that something has gone wrong or that what is happening is bad or out of your control.
您可以这么说，这感觉很对。您也可以说，这感觉很好。但问题不在于它有多好。而是当您意识到有什么地方出了错，或者发生的事情是糟糕的，或者是超出了您的控制时。

The second you see something as bad or terrible or devastating or out of your control, you may go instantly into a state of unconsciousness, of powerlessness, of fear, of overwhelm. In that state you constrict, you resist, you react, you shut down, you have less energy flowing through you.
当您看到某件事不好、可怕、灾难性或超出您的控制时，您可能会立即陷入无意识状态，感到无力、恐惧和压倒性的情绪。在这种状态下，您会收缩，抗拒，反应，关闭自己，减少通过您的能量流动。

You have a narrower perspective from your state of consciousness. Everything feels awful, terrible, out of control, and you can find yourself in a state of suffering and struggle very quickly.
您从您的意识状态中看待问题更为狭隘。一切感觉都很糟糕，可怕，失去控制，您很快就会发现自己陷入痛苦和挣扎的状态。

That is what you have traditionally done. But that is not how you have to move forward. It is not really in your reality that the chaos occurs.
那正是您一贯的做法。但向前发展并非必须如此。混乱并不是发生在您的现实之中。

There is often a great amount of focus on suffering. There’s a great amount of focus on danger. There is a great amount of focus on feeling out of control and unable to manage a threat. Yet we would say to most of you that those things are usually not actually in your reality.
常常有很多关注在痛苦上。有很多关注在危险上。有很多关注在不感觉掌控和无法管理威胁。然而，我们会告诉你们大多数人，那些东西通常并不是你们的现实。

You’re perceiving others’ realities——it’s not in your current form or experience.
您正在感知他人的现实——这并在您当前的形态或经历中。

Now, you might say, It’s happening to people I care about. I’m watching it on the news. And we understand. However, we want you, all of you, to know you are not helpless; you are not victims. It is more important than ever before that you stay in the moment, stay in your power, and stay conscious.
现在，你们可能说，这正在发生在我关心的人身上。我在新闻上看到它了。我们理解。然而，我们希望你们所有人都知道，你们并不无助；你们不是受害者。保持当下，保持您的力量，保持清醒，比以往任何时候都更为重要。


What creates chaos is a lack of consciousness, a lack of presence, a lack of allowing energy to support you and guide you and flow to you.
造成混乱的是缺乏意识，缺乏存在感，缺乏允许能量支持您、引导您和流向您的能力。


We understand when something seems to be of a significant magnitude in your life that your thinking begins to affect your emotions, which affects your vibration, which in turn affects your reality. The more real it appears to you, the more your thinking begins to affect your emotions.
我们理解，当某事在您生活中看似具有重大意义时，您的思考开始影响您的情绪，这进而影响您的振动，而振动反过来又影响您的现实。它在您看来越真实，您的思考就越开始影响您的情绪。

Those emotions begin to affect the way you feel. The way you feel begins to affect your vibration because of the level of energy you allow or disallow based on your emotion. Then you can feel unbalanced, frantic, chaotic, and create suffering within yourself.
这些情感开始影响您的感觉。您的感觉开始因为基于情绪允许或禁止的能量水平而影响您的振动。然后您会感到不平衡、慌乱、混乱，并在自己内心中造成痛苦。

We want to give you the highest perspective here. As wayshowers, as the highly conscious beings that you are, you have gone through your own transformations in order to create a better way, to guide others. The path you’re taking is the path of the wayshower.
我们希望在这里为您提供最高的视角。作为引领者，作为你们这样高度有意识的生物，你们已经经历了自己的转变，为了创造更好的方式，引导他人。你们正在走的道路是引领者的道路。

The way you live your life is how you create a new paradigm.
您的生活方式是您创造新范式的方式。

We who are non-physical, those of us in a higher rate of vibration or a higher state of consciousness, are here to assist you because you are the ones open and allowing your consciousness to be elevated to a higher perspective.
我们这些非物质的存在，那些处于更高振荡率或意识状态的人们，在此帮助您们，因为是您们开放和允许您的意识提升到更高的视角。

You are the ones who are the bridge between much higher states of awareness and consciousness and perspective, who bring greater potential and possibilities, and who can pave a better way forward for humankind.
您是连接更高意识状态和视角的桥梁，带来更大的潜力和可能性，并能为人类铺就更好的前行之路的人。

The issues that exist within the human experience are not going to be solved from the perspective of the consciousness that is seeing the issues and the problems or even creating those issues and problems. We want you to understand this. It is important.
问题存在于人类体验之中，这些问题不可能从观察问题、产生问题的意识或创造这些问题和困难的意识角度得到解决。我们希望你们理解这一点。这很重要。

If you relate all things to consciousness, you will find it very easy to get yourself into a higher perspective or viewpoint of what is occurring in all situations. There is no problem that has ever been solved from the same perspective or viewpoint that created the problem or the issue.
如果您将所有事物都与意识联系起来，您会发现让自己达到更高的视角或观点来理解各种情况非常容易。没有哪个问题是从创造问题的同一视角或观点解决的。


There is no problem that has ever been solved from the same perspective or viewpoint that created the problem or the issue.
问题是无法从造成问题的相同角度或观点被解决。


The collective human consciousness is existing within a three-dimensional state of consciousness——not necessarily a different state than you are in, although in time you may begin to find yourself in a different form when you’re in a different state of consciousness.
人类集体意识存在于一个三维的意识状态中——这并不一定是一个与您现在不同的状态，尽管随着时间的推移，您可能会发现自己在不同意识的形态下。

However, the issues, challenges, and problems you perceive; the conditions or realities that have resulted from separation, fear, war, judgment, chaos, prejudice; this feeling of me, me, me and I, I, I; this mentality of it’s all about me and what I want to satisfy the wound within you——all are reflected back in events that occur on your planet. It is essential to recognize this.
然而，您所感知的问题、挑战和困难；由分离、恐惧、战争、审判、混乱、偏见所造成的状况或现实；这种“我”、“我”、“我”以及“我自己”、“我自己”、“我自己”的感觉；这种“一切关乎我，满足我内心伤痛”的心态——所有这些都是您在地球上发生的事件应反射，认识到这些是至关重要的。

What you have done in the past 10 years’ time is to go through your own transformation to heal the wounds within you. It may be difficult for you to understand what we are about to say, but the truth is that it doesn’t really matter where the wounds came from.
您过去十年所做的事情，就是通过自身的转变来治愈您内心的创伤。可能很难理解我们即将说的话，但事实是，创伤的来源其实并不重要。

This transformation that you have undergone has brought your pain and suffering to the light, has elevated your awareness, your consciousness, to a place where you understand that you’re not broken, you’re not stuck, you’re not what happened in your life. You are something so much more.
这次您所经历的转变，将您的痛苦和苦难照亮，提升了您的意识，您的觉悟，让您明白自己并非破碎、停滞不前，您也不是生命中所发生的事情。您是远比这些更加伟大的存在。

Through all sorts of divinely orchestrated experiences, you have healed great parts of yourself to return to a state of purity.
通过各种天意安排的经历，您已经治愈了自己很大一部分，以回归纯净的状态。

You have gone through your own cleansing to a purification of your thoughts, a purification of your beliefs, a purification of your energy, so that you allow yourself to be in a vibration of joy, peace, and harmony within you.
您经历了自己的净化，使思想、信念和能量都得到了净化，因此您可以让自己在内心达到快乐、平和与和谐的状态。

If you want to create anything in the world around you, you must first create it within yourself. If you want to heal the world, you must first heal yourself. If you want to create a more loving, harmonious, beautiful, abundant world around you, you must first create it within you.
如果您想在周围的世界里创造任何东西，您必须先在自己内心创造它。如果您想治愈这个世界，您必须先治愈自己。如果您想在您周围创造一个更充满爱、和谐、美丽、丰盛的世界，您必须先在自己内心创造出这样的世界。

If you will remember this in all times, in all things, and in all circumstances, then the first step is always you, not what’s going on out there, but what’s going on within you.
如果您在任何时候、任何事和任何情况下都记住这一点，那么第一步始终是您自己，而不是外面发生的事情，而是您内心正在发生的事情。

If you begin to focus out there, you lose your own consciousness.
如果您开始向外集中注意力，您就会失去自己的意识。

You move yourself out of a Fifth Dimension, higher-perspective state of consciousness back into the lower state of consciousness where the problem was created, and then you find yourself in the chaos and in the suffering and in the struggle.
您从第五维度的更高视角意识状态中退回到问题被创造的低层次意识状态，然后发现自己处于混乱、苦难和斗争之中。

You may ask, What does the world need of me? Here is the answer: it needs you to stay conscious. You may ask, What do those who are suffering need most from me? It is for you to not get triggered into a state of reaction and resistance.
您可能会问，世界需要我从这里得到什么？答案是：它需要您保持清醒。您也可能会问，那些受苦的人最需要我从这里得到什么？那是为了让您不会陷入反应和抵抗的状态。

When you begin to suffer in this way, you will contribute to the existing suffering or even create more suffering. What the world needs from you is for you to stay conscious and present in the moment and create within you what you most desire in the world around you.
当您开始以这种方式受苦时，您会加剧现有的痛苦或甚至创造更多的痛苦。世界需要的是您要保持清醒和当下在场，并在您内心创造出您最渴望的周围世界的美好事物。

That is why your own transformation has occurred. That is why you have gone through the healing journey you have gone through. That is why everything has led you to this very moment. It’s for this time now so that you really can be the wayshowers and light up the world when it needs you most.
这是您自身转变发生的原因。这就是为什么您要经历您所经历的疗愈之旅。这就是为什么一切引导您走向这个时刻。现在正是这个时候，让您真的成为引领者，在世界上需要您的时候照亮世界。

We have said you are not here to fix a broken world. You are not here to save the world. You are here bringing consciousness, bringing forth a better way, a higher perspective, using your life as the template for a new paradigm.
我们说过，您并非在这里来修复一个破碎的世界。您并非在这里拯救世界。您在这里是带来意识，开辟一条更好的道路，一种更高的视角，将您的生活作为新范例的模板。

The world needs you to stay conscious. Your family needs you to stay conscious. Your friends need you to stay conscious. Your spouse, your lovers, your loved ones——they need you to stay conscious.
世界需要您保持清醒。您的家人需要您保持清醒。您的朋友需要您保持清醒。您的配偶，您的恋人，您所爱的人——他们都需要您保持清醒。

Your country, your continent, your planet need you to stay conscious and act from your heart, allowing your pure energy and a grander perspective to flow through you.
您的国家，您的大陆，您所在的星球都需要您保持清醒并从内心行动，让您的纯粹能量和更广阔的视角通过您流动。

Go within yourself and find what you most want for the world around you. If you want to live in a peaceful, loving, harmonious world, you must first create it within you.
走进内心，寻找您最希望周围世界拥有的东西。如果您想生活在一个和平、充满爱心、和谐的世界里，您必须首先在自身中创造它。

If you want to live in a peaceful, loving, harmonious world, you must first create it within you.
如果您想要生活在一个和平、充满爱、和谐的世界中，您必须首先在内心创造它。

It is easy for you to get distracted when there is an event of global magnitude where many are suffering and affected. The numbers create an even greater reaction for you.
当有全球规模的重大事件发生，众多人遭受和受到影响时，你们很容易分心。大量的数据会让你产生更强烈的反应。

They can bring you to a state of inner chaos and distract you from your path toward higher consciousness and your mission as a wayshower.
他们可以使您陷入内心的混乱，并使您偏离通往更高意识及作为引领者使命的道路。

Now, we understand. We understand. We understand how much you care. We understand how much you love your planet. We understand how much you love the animals, the land, the trees, the plants, the flowers, and the people. We know how much you love the people, your people.
现在，我们明白了。我们明白了。我们明白您有多么关心。我们明白您对这个星球爱得有多深。我们明白您对动物、土地、树木、植物、花朵以及人们的热爱。我们知道您有多么爱您的人民，您的人民。

We know how much you care, but know that you can stay conscious as you do so. You can stay in your heart, and you must do so. You must stay conscious. You must be what the world needs most from you——consciousness, love, peace, harmony——and you can only find it within you.
我们知道您多么关心，但请知道，您在这样做的同时也能保持清醒。您必须留在您的内心，您必须这么做。您必须保持清醒。您必须成为这个世界对您最需要的——意识、爱、和平、和谐——而您只能从内在找到它们。

You can only create it within you. Then it begins to move into your reality, which means it begins to extend from you, the body that is you, into the field and the reality around you.
您只能在自己内心中创造它。然后，它开始进入您的现实之中，这意味着它从您自己这个身体开始延伸，进入到周围的空间和现实之中。

There’s no limit to how expansive that can become because there is no limit to how expansive you can become. But that expansion occurs only through consciousness and opening and allowing your energy to flow and serve through you.
没有极限，那可以变得多么广阔，因为您可以变得无限的广阔。但这种扩张仅通过意识、开放和允许您的能量在您体内流动并为您服务来实现。

Think of your own transformation. Many of you had what appeared at the time to be devastating transformations——divorce, death, heartbreak, financial ruin, feeling like everything was gone, destroyed.
思考您自己的转变。你们中的许多人经历了看似毁灭性的转变——离婚、死亡、心碎、财务崩溃，感觉一切都已失去、被摧毁。

For many of you, at some point in time it felt like everything in your lives had perished, fallen apart, fallen away, that you were alone and that nothing would ever change or get better. At those times you couldn’t imagine that it was happening for you.
对于你们中的许多人来说，在某个时刻，你们觉得生活中的一切都消失了，破碎了，远离了，感觉自己孤独无助，认为没有任何事情会改变或变得更好。在那段时间里，你们无法想象这一切正在发生在自己身上。

You couldn’t believe that a loving God would do that to you or understand why you would ever choose to come into a life and experience that. You felt powerless. You felt like a victim. You felt out of control.
您无法相信一个充满爱心的神会对您做那样的事情，也无法理解您为何会选择进入这样的生活并经历这一切。您感到无能为力。您觉得自己像受害者一样。您感觉失去了控制。

Most of you have been there, and everything in your life was affected. Then you changed, and when you changed, everything around you changed. As you transformed, everything around you transformed.
大多数人都有过这样的经历，您生活中的每一件事都受到了影响。然后您发生了变化，当您改变时，周围的一切也改变了。在您转变的过程中，周围的一切也在随之转化。

In time, you began to see that things were happening for you, not to you, and you began to remember that it was all really for your highest good all along. You just couldn’t understand when it felt like it was the worst it could be. You didn’t know how it could improve.
在适当的时候，您开始看到事情是在为您发生，而不是对您发生，您也开始回忆起这一切原本都是为了您最大的利益。当时您觉得它是最糟糕的时刻时，您无法理解。您知道它如何改善。

You certainly couldn’t have believed in those times that it was happening for you. In those moments it certainly didn’t feel like a gift.
您当然不可能在那个时代相信这事情会发生在您身上。在那一刻，它确实感觉不像是一件礼物。

Going through a painful loss in the deepest moments of your struggle and suffering and grief, it did not feel like there would ever be anything good that came of it.
经历了您在苦难、痛苦和悲伤最深刻时刻的痛苦损失，感觉不到其中有任何好事会发生。


Know that everything happens for you, not to you——and it is all for your highest good.
明白一切都是为了您发生，而不是针对您——这一切都是为了您最高的利益。

But there was, wasn’t there? There was. You just didn’t see the whole picture back then. You couldn’t see the higher perspective, the bigger picture. You didn’t have a grander viewpoint that all of that was happening for you.
但是确实存在，不是吗？确实存在。您那时候只是没有看到整个局面。您看不到更高的视角，更大的图景。您没有更宏伟的视野，所有那些事情都是为了您而发生的。

And you certainly couldn’t have imagined that you would be who you are now, know what you know now, and live the life you live now. You couldn’t have imagined what was possible for you. But you know now. You can perceive this now because of the state of consciousness you’re in.
您当然无法想象您会成为现在这样的人，拥有现在所知道的一切，以及您现在所过的日子。您不可能想象出您所拥有的可能性。但现在您知道了。正是因为您现在的意识状态，您才能感知到这一点。

We assure you that your planet is going through its own transformation, and many places are going to go through their own transformations. It may feel scary, but it is not. It is not terrible. It is not the worst thing ever.
我们向您保证，您的星球正在经历它自己的转变，许多地方也将经历它们自身的转变。这可能会让您感到害怕，但并非如此。这并不糟糕。这不是最糟糕的事情。

When it came to your own transformations, you didn’t just survive——you learned how to fly. If you allow yourselves now, you will thrive.
当说到您自己的转变时，您不仅存活下来——您还学会了如何飞翔。如果您现在允许自己这样做，您会繁荣。

Most of you are thriving and living and loving fully in your power, in a new state of consciousness, in a new state of awareness, which opens a whole new world to you. Heaven on Earth is here and now, we assure you.
大多数人正在充满活力地生活，全然释放自己的力量，处于一种新的意识状态、一种新的觉察状态之中，这为您开启了一个全新的世界。人间天堂就在此地此刻，我们向您保证。

If you think of your own transformation, it is who you became, not what happened to you. The stories don’t really matter. The facts, the dates, they don’t really matter. What matters is who you became in your transformation. That’s what matters. Are you more loving? Are you healed?
如果您思考自己的转变，那是指您变成了什么样的人，而不是发生了什么。故事其实并不重要。事实、日期，这些并不真的重要。重要的是您在转变中变成了怎样的人。这才是最重要的。您是否更加充满爱？您是否得到了治愈？

Are you whole and worthy? Are you living at a whole new level of fullness and aliveness? That’s who you’ve become: a much more open, loving, allowing person. That’s who you’ve become——wiser, more conscious, more aware.
您是完整的，值得的吗？您是否生活在全新的充满和活力的层面中？您就是这样的：一个更加开放、热爱、包容的人。您变成了这样的人——更智慧、更有意识、更警觉。

It’s about who you became in the transformation. You’re more beautiful than ever before. You’re more abundant than ever before. You’re more loving than ever before. You’re more conscious than ever before. You are.
关于您在转变中成为怎样的人。您比以往任何时候都要美丽。您比以往任何时候都要富足。您比以往任何时候都要充满爱。您比以往任何时候都要有意识。您是。


It’s about who you became in your transformation. You’re more beautiful, more abundant, more loving, and more conscious than ever before.
您在蜕变过程中变成了谁。您比以前更美丽，更富足，更有爱心，更加有意识。

Once you have undergone the Great Awakening, the great transformation in your own life, everything is different. You don’t need to go through that level of transformation again. You don’t need to go through that level of awakening again.
一旦经历了大觉醒，您自己的生活将巨变，一切都将不同。您不需要再经历那样的转变了。您也不需要再次经历那样的觉醒。

From a conscious, aligned perspective, you begin to navigate through the human experience and explore different states of consciousness——but from the perspective of a Creator who moves through the world with ease and grace and harmony and joy. Your reality is very different.
从一种有意识的、协调的视角出发，您开始在大千世界中航行，探索不同的意识状态——但以一位在世界中自如、优雅、和谐且愉悦地移动的创造者的视角。您的现实非常不同。

The same is true for any and all things that experience transformation.
同样适用于任何经历变化的事物。

In time, places that experience what appear to be traumatic events or natural disasters will appear as lush, flourishing Gardens of Eden. They will be transformed and more beautiful than ever before. Green, abundant, harmonious, beautiful. The people will be forever changed.
随着时间的推移，曾经经历过看似创伤性事件或自然灾害的地方将变成郁郁葱葱、繁荣昌盛的伊甸园。这些地方将会变得比以往任何时候都更加美丽。绿色、丰盛、和谐、美好。人们也将永远改变。

They will be a society of highly conscious, loving beings. There are problems that will be solved. There are advancements that will occur. There are creations that will result from those experiences that will move your planet forward, that will assist in quantum leaps forward. We assure you.
他们将成为一个高度意识、充满爱的存有。有些问题将会得到解决，有进步将发生，从那些经验中产生的创造将推动你们的星球向前发展，助你们实现质的变化飞跃。我们保证。

It will take some time in your human experience, just like your own transformation. What is it that takes the greatest time and healing? What is it that takes the greatest time in transformation or in healing anything? It is simply judgment.
它将在您的人类体验中花费一些时间，就像您自己的转变一样。需要最长时间和疗愈的是什么？在转变或疗愈任何事物中，花了最长时间的是什么？那就是简单的评判。

If you’re judging something that is happening as awful, terrible, bad, devastating, wrong, apocalyptic, and you start going into fear, then you’re contributing to the suffering and perpetuating the fear.
如果您认为发生的事情是糟糕的、可怕的、不好的、毁灭性的、错误的、末日般的，并且开始陷入恐惧中，那么您正在加剧痛苦和延续恐惧。

Stay in the moment, stay conscious in the situation, and allow your energy to flow. Go within and ask yourself, What do I most want for the people? What do I most want for the animals? What do I most want for the land? Remember, you get more of what you are. Not what you think you need.
留在当下，保持清醒的意识，让能量流动。回归内心，问问自己，我最想为人们做什么？我最想为动物们做什么？我最想为这片土地做什么？记住，您会得到您之所是，而非您所认为所需的。

Not what you want, not so much. You get more of what you are, and all that you can give is what you are.
非您所欲，非甚所欲。您所获得的是您自身的部分，而您所能给予的也都是您的全部。

Think about it. Can you give what you need? If you need a glass of water, can you give a glass of water when that’s the thing you don’t have? If you really are thirsty and you want a glass of water because you do not have a glass of water, then you do not have a glass of water to give.
考虑一下。您能提供您所需要的吗？如果您需要一杯水，在您没有水的情况下，您能提供一杯水吗？如果您确实口渴并且因为缺乏一杯水而想要一杯水，那么您并没有一杯水可以给予。

What you need or what you want must be separate from you, which means you don’t have it, which means you cannot give it, which means you cannot contribute what you do not have. Really, this is so important.
您所需要的或您想要的必须与您分开，这意味着您没有它，意味着您不能给予，意味着您不能贡献您并不拥有的东西。真的，这非常重要。

You cannot give what you want, and you cannot give what you need, because in the very wanting and the needing of it you are implying that you don’t have it. It’s somewhere out there. It’s certainly not within you.
您无法给予您所想要的，也无法给予您所需要的，因为在这非常想要和需要的时刻，您暗示着您没有它。它在别处，当然不是在您之内。

You can only give more of what you are. You can only contribute what you are. You can only give what you are. So, you must go within and find what it is that you want to flow through you. Only by looking within can you find what you want to contribute.
您可以给予的只有您自己。您能贡献的也只有您自己。您只能给出您自己。因此，您必须深入内心，找到您想通过自己去流淌的东西。只有向内探寻，您才能找到您想贡献的东西。

Consciousness would be quite helpful in this situation. Love would be quite helpful in this situation. Kindness would be quite helpful. Peace would be quite helpful, maybe more than anything. Peace, love, consciousness.
意识在这种情况下将非常有帮助。爱在这种情况下也将非常有帮助。善意将非常有帮助。和平将非常有帮助，可能比任何其他事物都更有帮助。和平、爱、意识。

We know that the word peace sometimes feels a bit better than the words consciousness or awareness. It somehow seems that peace would be a better thing or love would be a better thing. We understand. And from a state of consciousness, you too understand. You get harmony. You get peace.
我们知道，“和平”这个词有时候感觉比“意识”或“知觉”好一些。似乎和平会更好，或者爱会更好。我们理解。从意识的状态出发，您也理解了。您得到了和谐，您得到了和平。

You get love. You get abundance. You get knowing. You get inspiration. You get all of it through your state of consciousness.
您得到爱。您得到富足。您得到知识。您得到灵感。您通过您的意识状态获得这一切。

From your state of consciousness, being completely in the present moment, what is the highest perspective of the situation? See the land as flourishing and green and abundant. See the people as loving and harmonious. See the animals as free and blissful and playful.
从您的意识状态出发，完全沉浸于当下，对这一情境的最高视角是什么？把土地看作生机勃勃、绿意盎然、富饶丰产。把人们看作充满爱心、和谐相处。把动物看作自由快乐、活泼玩耍。

Hold that vision, because when you do it from a conscious perspective in the moment, you are bringing that vision into human consciousness. When more of you do that, you will bring about the great transformation, the Great Awakening, faster than ever before.
坚守那个愿景，因为当您此刻有意识地去做时，您就是在将这个愿景带入人类意识之中。当更多的人这样做时，你们将比以往任何时候都更快地实现伟大变革，引发伟大的觉醒。

Not from a place of lack or need or wanting, but because you will know it is here now.
并非出于缺乏、需要或渴望，而是因为您现在将知道它就在这里。

As you create it within your own reality, you make it possible for others to remember that they too can create their own realities.
正如您在自己现实里创造它，您使其他人记住他们同样可以创造出自己的现实。

As you move into knowing yourself as the Creator of your life experience, knowing yourself as a sovereign being free to choose the world or reality you create to live in, you seed human consciousness with the potential for all beings to remember that they too are the Creators of their life experiences, that they too can create their own realities, that they too can choose to live in Heaven on Earth.
随着您认识到自己是生命体验的创造者，作为一位自由选择居住世界的至高存在，您在人类意识中播下了，所有生灵都能记得他们是自己生命体验的创造者、他们也能创造自己的现实、他们可以选择活在人间天堂的潜力。

The simplest way we could give it to you is Heaven on Earth. Energetically, vibrationally, you all can feel into that place, but you must create it within you.
我们能给你最简单的描述就是“人间天堂”。从能量和振动上，你们都能感受到那个地方，但你们必须在自己内心创造它。

The world you see around you is a reflection of the world that exists within you. The reality that you see around you is a reflection of the reality that exists within you. We’ll say it again. The reality you see around you is a reflection of the reality that exists within you.
您所看到的世界是您内心世界的反映。您周围所看到的现实是您内心存在的现实的反映。我们再重复一遍。您周围所看到的现实是您内心存在的现实的反映。

Ask yourself, Is the world within you Heaven on Earth? Are your thoughts, your feelings, and your beliefs Heaven on Earth? Are they loving? Are they harmonious? Are they peaceful? Or are they chaotic and devastating and suffering?
问问自己，您心中的世界是人间天堂吗？您的思想、情感和信念是人间天堂吗？它们充满爱吗？它们和谐吗？它们平和吗？还是说它们是混乱、破坏和痛苦的源泉？

The reality around you is a reflection of the reality within you.
周围的现实是您内心现实的反映。

Only you can create Heaven on Earth within you. As more of you do, you will see reality transformed at a rate you have never before experienced in your human form. Reality transforms because of your consciousness, because of your energy, because of your perspective and awareness.
只有您能在您心中创造天堂。随着您越来越多地这样做，您会发现现实以您在人类形态中从未有过的速度发生转变。现实的转变是因为您的意识、因为您的能量、因为您对事物的观点和觉察。

It’s really a waste of time to become lost in devastation and the trauma and the drama and the suffering. There is a vibrational price you pay when you allow your world to become chaotic and devastating and full of fear and struggle. You pay a vibrational price. You do.
确实是在毁灭、创伤、戏剧和苦难中迷失是很浪费时间的。当您让您的世界变得混乱、破坏性十足，充满恐惧和挣扎时，您付出的代价是振动层面的。您付出了这种振动层面的代价。

Your body pays the price, and your relationships likely pay the price. Your love pays a price. Your happiness pays a price. There is a vibrational price you pay.
您的身体付出代价，您的关系可能也在付出代价。您的爱付出代价。您的幸福付出代价。您必须付出一种振动的代价。

Remember this. We are not saying that there’s anything to fear in the times to come. Quite the opposite. This is why you’re here. This is the greatest time that has ever existed in human consciousness. It is because of you that a new reality is forming.
请记住这一点。我们并不是说未来有任何可怕的事情。恰恰相反。这正是你们存在的原因。现在是人类意识史上最伟大的时刻。正因为有了你们，一个新的现实正在形成。

It is because of you that potentials and possibilities are being seeded into human consciousness. It’s because of you.
因为您，潜力与可能性正在被植入人类意识之中。是因为您。

Do you want to live your purpose? Do you want to serve? This is how you do it. If something is in your physical reality that needs your compassion, that needs your assistance, that needs your generosity, do not try to give what you do not have.
您想活出自己的使命吗？您想服务他人吗？这就是您该怎么做。如果您身处的物质现实中有什么需要您的同情、需要您的帮助、需要您的慷慨，不要试图给予您所没有的东西。

Align with it within you first, and you will have more. You must elevate yourself beyond the experience of lack or limitation——and you have the ability to do so.
与内心之它相协调，您会拥有更多。您必须超越缺乏或限制的经历——您有这样的能力。

Much of giving, helping, assisting, or trying to fix is still done from the three-dimensional state of consciousness, not-enoughness, or a perception of If I give to you, I no longer have. Or it is done from an attempt——and it is truly only an attempt——to give what you do not have.
许多施予、帮助、协助或试图解决问题的行为仍然是从三维意识状态、不足之感或“如果我给予您，我就不再拥有”的认知中产生的。或者，它是从尝试——实际上仅仅是尝试——去给予您未曾拥有的东西。

Find it within you first. Get yourself into a conscious state first, and then move forward in a state of consciousness from that state of awareness.
首先在自身中找到它。先让自己进入清醒状态，然后从那种意识状态下继续前进。

If there’s chaos in your actual physical state, you must come into a state of consciousness first.
如果您的实际身体状况处于混乱状态，您必须先进入清醒状态。

Otherwise you’re in a reactive mode——reacting, not responding——and you’re reacting from a state of resistance, trying to get the chaos to stop, trying to get the powerlessness to stop, trying to solve it even though you feel like a victim. You must come into your power first.
否则，您处于被动模式——反应而不是回应——并且您是在一种抵抗的状态下进行反应，试图让混乱停止，试图让无力感停止，试图解决它，尽管您觉得自己像一个受害者。您必须首先进入您的力量状态。

You must move into a state of consciousness. That’s what it means to be a master of your own life, and those who master their lives will do great things in this world.
您必须进入意识状态。这就是掌握自己生活意味着什么，而那些掌握了自己生活的人将在世界上做出伟大之事。

We have often spoken to you about the greats, those who have left a legacy, those who have created great change. If you think of those beings, you would consider all of them to be masters, masters of the human experience. Jesus, Buddha, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Jr. , Saint Francis, Mother Teresa. Many, many. So many. There really have been so many, most of whom you don’t know by name, and they navigated through this human experience with their own level of consciousness. Now, you can navigate through this human experience with your own level of consciousness.

我们常常和您谈论那些伟人，他们留下了遗产，创造了巨大的变革。如果您想到这些存在，您会认为他们都属于大师，人类经历的大师。耶稣、佛陀、甘地、小马丁·路德·金，圣弗朗西斯，特蕾莎修女。很多，非常多。真的有很多，其中大多数您并不知道他们的名字，他们用自己的意识层次穿越了这段人类经历。现在，您也可以用自己意识的水平来穿越这段人类经历。

The energy that creates worlds is you. It’s you. There’s nothing out there taking your energy. There’s nothing out there that can take your energy. You can, however, limit or constrict your energy through the thoughts you have.
创造世界的能量是您，就是您。外面没有任何东西在吸取您的能量。外面没有任何东西能吸取您的能量。然而，您却可以通过您所拥有的思想来限制或约束您的能量。

It’s almost always your judgment that creates a thinking that what’s going on is terrible, bad, devastating, horrible, horrific, and wrong, wrong, wrong.
几乎总是您的判断创造了这样的想法，即所发生的事情是可怕的、糟糕的、灾难性的、恐怖的、令人毛骨悚然的，错误的，很错误，很错误。

That’s what shifts you into a state of consciousness that’s no longer necessary for you. We’re just going to say it that way. It’s no longer necessary. Yes, everything serves. You can’t get it wrong. It’s not that big of a deal, as you’ve heard us say, if you go into a state of unconsciousness.
那是什么让您进入不再对您必要的意识状态。我们就这么说了。已经没有必要了。是的，一切都有用。您不可能做错。正如您所听到的我们说的那样，如果您陷入无意识状态，这并不是什么大问题。

With practice, it’s easier to get yourself back into a state of consciousness and awareness.
通过实践，更容易重新进入清醒和意识状态。

That is the first and most important step. From there you ask, What is needed? Then you ask, What do I want? When you look at any situation, what do you want? What do you want for the people, the land, or the animals that you see in that situation? What do you want for them? Maybe it is peace.
那是第一步，也是最重要的一步。从那里开始您问自己，需要什么？然后您又问，我想要什么？当您在任何情境下审视时，您想要的是什么？您希望为那些人、那片土地或那个情境中的动物做些什么？您为他们想要什么？也许是您想要的和平。

Maybe it is love. Maybe it is comfort.
可能是因为爱。可能是因为安慰。

Feel it within you. Feel it in every cell of your body. Really take the moment, take the time, whether it takes a minute or an hour or a day. That’s the first and most important part in creating change, especially great change. Feel comfort within you. Feel peace within you. Feel love within you.
在内心感受它。让它在您的每个细胞中涌动。真正地抓住这一刻，无论是一分钟、一个小时还是一天。这是创造改变的第一步，尤其是巨大的改变。在内心感到舒适，在内心感受到平和，在内心感受到爱。

Go to the highest perspective. See the land, the people, and the animals living in a state of Heaven on Earth. Lush, harmonious, and abundant. The highest of well-being for all. Then once you’re aligned, once you feel that, you can extend it from you and expand it from you.
前往最高的视角。看到生活在人间天堂的土地、人民和动物。郁郁葱葱，和谐丰盛。为所有人带来最高的福祉。然后一旦您与之对齐，一旦您感受到这一点，您就可以从自己身上延伸它，并从自己身上扩展它。

Here are a couple of things you can do since you probably want to do something. First, go within and allow yourself to feel, and feel deeply. As we said, the world you see around you is a reflection of the world that exists within you. The reality around you is created by the reality within you.
以下是一些您可以做的事情，因为您可能想要做些事情。首先，深入内心并让自己感受，深入地感受。正如我们所说的，您周围的世界是您内心世界的反映。您周围的现实是由您内心的现实所创造的。

As you hold the vision, you can focus from your heart to the hearts of others.
如同您持有这个愿景，您可以从自己的内心专注于他人的内心。

You can infuse the feeling of peace into the light that you extend out into the world, and we promise you, it is absolutely seeding human consciousness——and everything and all things in the human experience——with a grander possibility of living in Heaven on Earth.
您可将和平之感融入您所投射于世间的光明之中，我们向您承诺，这绝对是在为人类意识——以及人类体验中的所有事物——播种出在人间天堂生活的更伟大可能性。

In those moments they might not know why they feel a sense of peace or comfort, but it makes it possible for those who are in some unwanted experience to find peace and comfort.
在那段时间，他们可能不知道为什么感到平静或安慰，但它让那些处于不想要的经历中的人找到和平与安慰成为可能。

The other thing that you can do is take your state of presence, consciousness, awareness——your state of being aligned with peace, with comfort and peace and harmony and love——and extend that to everything that is in your reality. Actually in your reality.
其他您可以做的是，将您的存在状态、意识、觉知——您与和平、舒适和宁静以及和谐与爱的对齐状态——扩展到您现实中的每一件事。实际上是在您的现实中。

Not on the TV, not on the Internet, not in the newspaper. What is actually in your reality. This is really important.
不在电视上，不在互联网上，不在报纸上。您现实中的到底是什么。这真的很重要。

Align your consciousness with a state of comfort, peace, harmony, and love. Then extend that to everything that is actually in your reality.
使您的意识与舒适、和平、和谐和爱的状态保持一致。然后将这种状态扩展到您现实中的每一件事物。

There are people in your reality. There are animals in your reality. There are trees in your reality. There is land in your reality right here, right now that would be served positively by you contributing a greater sense of peace within your reality. And that will have a ripple effect.
这里有您现实中的人们。这里有您的现实中的动物。这里有您的现实中的树木。在这里，就在此时此刻，您现实中的这片土地会因为您在其中注入更多和平感而得到积极的影响。这将会产生涟漪效应。

That will begin to spread healing and love and peace and joy and comfort and well-being all throughout the human experience. But you must start with where you are and what is in your reality now. If you’re looking to the news or to what is far away, you will feel helpless.
这将会开始在人类体验的各个方面传播疗愈、爱、和平、喜悦、安慰和幸福。但你们必须从现在所处的地方和现实中的事物开始做起。如果你们关注新闻或远方的事物，你们会感到无助。

There is so much you can do to assist here and now. Do not overlook that.
有许多事情您现在可以做到来提供帮助。不要忽视这一点。

You do not serve anyone or anything by going into a state of powerlessness or helplessness or utter fear and chaos and grief——except for in those moments when that level of discomfort causes you to focus on a desired outcome and start aligning with it. That distinction is important.
您进入无力感、无助感或极端恐惧与混乱和悲伤的状态，并不能为任何人或任何事物提供服务——除非是在这种不适程度让您专注于一个期望的结果并开始与其对齐的时刻。这个区别很重要。

We hold no judgment if you ever go into states of fear or suffering or chaos. We absolutely are always, always, always in the highest perspective, holding the vision for the highest good of all. And so it is. From our perspective, it is done.
我们对您是否陷入恐惧或痛苦或混乱的状态不做评判。我们始终，永远，永远是最高视角，保持对所有最高利益的愿景。因此就是如此。从我们的角度看，它已经完成。

How long it takes you to align with what you want and create it within your reality is up to you. From our perspective, it is done. It is our reality, and it can be yours, and it can be anyone’s who chooses it.
您需要调整到所追求的状态并创造出现在您现实中的它所需的时间取决于您自己。从我们的角度来看，它已经完成。这是我们的现实，它可以属于您，也可以属于任何选择它的人。

Just because many parts of the world will begin to move into a more loving, harmonious way of being and existing and thriving and flourishing on this planet does not mean that all beings do not have the free will to choose the world they live in.
仅因为世界上许多地方将开始进入更加充满爱心、和谐的存在方式，并在地球上繁荣昌盛，并不意味着所有生物都没有自由意志来选择他们所生活的世界。

They do have free will, but remember that what you experience now doesn’t have to be your world. You’re responsible for the reality that you create within you, and that is the reality you will experience around you.
他们确实有自由意志，但记住您现在所经历的并不一定要成为您的世界。您对您内心创造的实相负有责任，那将是您在周围体验到的现实。

We say this all with such great love for you. We say this all absolutely knowing the power you have to create great change in the world around you.
我们这么说都是出于对您深深的热爱。我们这么说，完全知道您拥有改变周围世界的巨大力量。

Not because something is wrong, but because you are seeding human consciousness with greater potential and possibilities, because you are the wayshower and the way you live your life is the path. The path is what you are giving. Who you have become is what you give to the world around you.
不是因为某件事情错了，而是因为您正在将更高级的潜能和可能性植入人类意识之中，因为您是引领者，而您生活的方正是道路。道路就是您所给予的。您变成了什么，就是您赠予周围世界的东西。

The healed, whole, healthy, thriving, loving, caring, beautiful, satiated being that you are——that’s your gift to the world.
疗愈的、完整的、健康的、繁荣的、充满爱的、关怀备至的、美丽的、满足的存在——这就是您馈赠给世界的礼物。

Anything and everything is possible for you. Anything and everything is possible for everyone. Those of you who now understand the significance of your own transformations, and that they are leading you to assist humanity through its great transformation, should feel really good.
任何事物，每件事物对您来说都是可能的。对每个人来说，任何事物，每件事物都是可能的。现在明白自己转变意义，并认识到这些转变正引领你们通过巨大变革来服务人类的人，应该感到非常良好。

When you really get how important you are, the power you have, the love that you are, how free you are, how perfect it is, and how perfect you are, you’ll say: Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you for my life. Thank you for this life. Thank you for all life.
当您真正意识到自己的重要性，您所拥有的力量，您自身的爱，您是多么的自由，这是多么完美，您又是多么的完美时，您会说：谢谢您，谢谢您，谢谢您。感谢我的生命。感谢这样的生命。感谢所有的生命。

Thank you for the opportunity to be here now. Thank you for helping me remember the I Am That I Am, the master that I am over my life experience. Thank you, thank you. And you will move forward, and you will love like you have never loved before.
感谢有机会现在在这里。谢谢您帮助我记住我是那我是，那位在我的生活经历中超越我的大师。谢谢您，谢谢您。你们将继续前进，你们将像从未有过的那样去爱。

You will love like you have never loved before, and you will shine like you have never shined before. And you will live like you have never lived before. You will.
您将将感受到从未如此的深爱，您将从未如此的耀眼。您将活出前所未有的自己。您将。

When you really understand how important you are, you will live like you have never lived before.
当您真正理解自己的重要性时，您将活出从未有过的状态。

We love you so very much. We say this all with such great love for who you are, for your journey, and for who you have become.
我们非常爱您。我们这么说，都是因为对您是谁，您的旅程，以及您成为了什么人的深厚爱意。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES 关键信息

If you stay present in the moment, in your consciousness, you can recognize that there are other consciousnesses, but that everything that you perceive is your own energy. Nothing out there is controlling your experience. Nothing is taking energy from you.
如果您能保持当下的意识，您就能认识到还有其他的意识存在，但您所感知的一切都是您的自身能量。外界没有任何东西在控制您的体验。没有任何东西在消耗您的能量。

The path you’re taking is the path of the wayshower. The way you live your life is how you create a new paradigm.
您所走的道路是引领者之路。您的生活方式就是您创造新范式的方式。

If you want to create anything in the world around you, you must first create it within yourself. The first step is always you——not what’s going on out there, but what’s going on within you.
如果您想在周围的世界创造任何东西，您必须首先在自己内心创造它。第一步始终是您——不是外面发生的事情，而是您内心的世界。

You can only contribute what you are. You can only give what you are. Remember, you get more of what you already are.
您只能贡献您所是的，您只能给予您所是的。记住，您会得到更多您已经拥有的。

How long it takes you to align with what you want and create it within your reality is up to you. From our perspective, it is done. It is our reality, and it can be yours. And it can be anyone’s who chooses it.
您调整自己的愿望，并在现实中将之创造出来的时间取决于您。从我们的角度来看，它已经完成。这是我们的现实，它可以成为您的现实。它也可以成为任何选择它的人的现实。

This is the greatest time that has ever existed in human consciousness. It is because of you that a new reality is forming.
这是人类意识中曾经存在过的最伟大时刻。正是因为您，一个新现实正在形成。

The energy that creates worlds is you. It’s you. There’s nothing out there that can take your energy.
创造世界的能量是您。就是您。没有什么能剥夺您的力量。



CHAPTER 5 THE MOST EXTRAORDINARY LIFE IMAGINABLE最非凡的生命想象

In this chapter, The Council emphasizes how easy it is to master the human experience from a higher state of consciousness, where so much more is possible than you ever imagined.
在这一章中，Council强调了从更高的意识状态来掌握人类体验是多么简单，那里所可能实现的事情远比您想象的要多。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to be here with you on this extraordinary day. Extraordinary, extra ordinary, extra special, extra exciting, extra magnificent. That’s where your lives are going.
我们非常高兴和激动能够在这个非凡的日子里与您共同在此。非凡，非同寻常，特别特殊，特别令人兴奋，格外壮丽。那就是你们生活将去往的方向。

Your opportunities for the extraordinary experience of life and living an extraordinary life, a miraculous life, a magical life, lie in this moment——here and now.
您的机会在于体验非凡的生活，过上非凡、神奇和魔幻般的生活，就存在于这一刻——现在。

There’s nothing for you to achieve before you live an extraordinary life. There is no level of achievement. There’s no badge of honor you must receive.
在您过上非凡生活之前，您无需达成任何成就。没有达到的等级。您不必获得任何荣誉勋章。

You need no one’s permission to live an extraordinary life at the highest level, living your fullest potential in your life every day, which means experiencing the fullness of all that you are in every moment.
您不需要任何许可来过一种最高水平、非常规的生活，每天发挥您生活的最大潜能，这意味着在每个时刻体验您所有的全部。

Stop trying to figure it out. Stop trying to achieve. Stop trying to get to that moment where you are anointed or crowned with the medal of enlightenment. Stop trying to figure it out, and live and be and allow it, allow it, allow it. You’re already enlightened. You’re already realized.
停止试图弄懂它。停止试图实现。停止试图到达那个您被授予智慧或被加冕的奖牌的时刻。停止试图弄懂，活着吧，存在吧，允许它发生，让它发生，让它发生。您已经获得了启迪。您已经实现了。

You were before you came here. You were, and you have been in this incredible experience of form and exploring different levels of density. It’s amazing, isn’t it?
您在来这儿之前就已经存在。您是，并且一直在这难以置信的形态体验和探索不同密度层次。这真是令人惊叹，不是吗？

Do you really love your life? Do you really love life and the human experience? As we have said, all great mastery involves great love. There isn’t anyone who ever mastered anything without love. To master a talent, to master an ability, to master even a relationship takes great love. Great love.
您真的热爱您的生活吗？您真的热爱生活以及人类的体验吗？正如我们所说，所有伟大的掌握都离不开深厚的爱。没有人能够在没有爱的前提下掌握任何事物。要掌握一种才能，要掌握一种能力，甚至要掌握一段关系都需要极大的爱。伟大的爱。

You want to master your life experience, but do you really, really love the human experience? Do you really love life? Do you really love living?
您想要掌握您的生活经历，但您真的真的热爱人类经验吗？您真的热爱生命吗？您真的热爱生活吗？


If you want to master your life, you must really love the human experience.
如果您想掌控您的生活，您必须真正热爱人类经验。

Some of you can say yes to that. Some of you are still unsure, which means that you’re not allowing yourself to recognize and receive all the beauty, all the creation, all the brilliance, all the magnificence that is here for you.
一些人说可以，而有些人仍然不确定，这意味着你们没有让自己认识到并接受这里为你们所存在的全部美丽、所有创造、所有辉煌和所有的伟大。

We know your human mind still can’t quite grasp that this is all here for you. It’s all here for you——for you to love, for you to enjoy, for you to find beauty in, and to delight in. It’s all here for you so that you can have fun, so that you can create, so that you can play.
我们知道你们的人类心灵仍然无法完全理解，这一切都是为了你们。这一切都是为你们——让你们去爱，去享受，去发现其中的美丽，去乐在其中。这一切都是为你们，以便你们能享受乐趣，以便你们能创造，以便你们能玩耍。

It’s all here so that you can relate to reality. You can even pretend that it’s not you, pretend that it’s somehow separate from you, and in that way you can find curiosity and new experiences and new levels of awareness of all that you are.
它都在这里，以便您能够与现实相联系。您也可以假装这不是您，假装它与您有某种分离，通过这种方式您可以发现好奇心、新体验以及对您所是之物的新的认知层次。

Your reality is an extension of you. Do you love you? Do you love your reality? Do you love the extension of you that’s all around you? Love it. Love it. Love it.
您的现实是您的一部分。您喜欢自己吗？您喜欢您的现实吗？您喜欢围绕在您周围的您的一部分吗？爱它。爱它。爱它。

When you really love it, you allow yourself to emerge into a level of awareness of your magnificence and your innocence like never before. You emerge into an awareness of your power, knowing that you never need to force anything again.
当您真正热爱它时，您让自己进入一种前所未有的对自身伟大和纯真的意识状态。您进入对自身力量的意识，知道从此以后您不再需要强迫任何事。

You emerge into a new level of awareness of your power without needing to force or control or manipulate or figure anything out.
您进入了一个新的认知层面，意识到您的力量，而无需强迫、控制、操纵或弄清楚任何事情。

How great would that be? How great would it be if every day were magical? How great would it be if everything that you related to every day reflected a brilliance to you, as a miraculous, magical reflection of your playfulness, of your innocence, of your absolute joy, your absolute joy?
那得多棒啊？如果每一天都是神奇的，那得多棒啊？如果您每天所关联的每件事都反映出一个奇迹般的、魔法般的光彩，反映出您的童趣、您的天真、您绝对的快乐，您绝对的快乐，那得多棒啊？

Some of you would say, Well, I can’t really love life because of these circumstances, these conditions, these people I’m relating to, these things I’m relating to, this job I’m relating to, or this world that I can’t relate to because it’s so different from me and not the way I want it to be.
某些人可能会说，嗯，我真的不能因为这些情况、这些条件、我与这些人及事物建立的关系、这个我无法与之产生共鸣的世界——它与我差异如此之大，并非我所期望的样子——而真正地热爱生活。

Yet your focus on that just keeps you in an experience where what you relate to feels so different from you.
然而，您专注于那一点却让您陷入一种体验中，您所关联的感觉与您自己如此不同。

It’s not. It’s just your opportunity for clarity, for confidence, for certainty. Isn’t that what you want? Isn’t that how you want to live your life? With clarity, with confidence, with certainty?
这并不是。这只是您获得清晰、自信和确定性的机会，难道不是吗？这不是您想要的吗？这不是您想要的生活方式吗？带着清晰，带着自信，带着确定性？

With total trust in yourself, your power, your ability to stay conscious, your ability to stay present in the moment, and in your ability to stay open and allow and receive in every moment?
对自己、您的力量、保持清醒的能力、活在当下的能力，以及在每个时刻保持开放和允许接纳的能力，拥有完全的信任？

There’s not one of you——not any one of you——who has yet received even a small amount of all the goodness that is here for you. Part of being a great master of your life is to fully receive all that is here for you, knowing everything is an extension of you——there’s no separation.
你们中没有人——甚至没有人——已经收到过这里为您准备的所有美好中的一小部分。成为您生命中的伟大大师的一部分是充分接受这里为您准备的一切，知道一切都是您的延伸——没有任何分离。

But again, when you go into judgment, fear, or worry, you separate yourself from everything that’s here for you. You create a gap. You know that what is here for you is out there. But you’re here, and it’s not here with you, not where you want it, and you’re not where you want to be.
但再次提醒，当您进入评判、恐惧或担忧的状态时，您就将自己与所有为您而来的事物分离。您创造了一个差距。您知道为您而存在的在那里。但您在这里，它并不与您同在，不在您希望的地方，而您也不在您期望的位置。

So you start trying to figure it out, and you start trying to push and force and manipulate and control and make it all happen your way.
所以，您开始尝试弄清楚这一切，并且开始尝试推动、强迫、操控和掌控，让它按照您的方式发生。

Hear this loud and clear: When you’re in lower dimensions of consciousness, when you are in resistance and reaction, you are going to move yourself down into a state of consciousness where lack and separation and fear exist.
听到这一点，清晰明了：当您处于意识低维状态时，当您身处抵抗和反应中，您将让自己进入一个缺乏、分离和恐惧存在的意识状态。

If you allow yourself to stay open and present and conscious, you will easily be in the vibration where there are higher dimensional emotions, where you open fully to all your power, to all that is here for you, and you allow yourself to receive, receive, receive.
如果您让自己保持开放、专注和清醒，您将很容易进入存在更高维度情感的状态，在那里您可以完全开启您的力量，开启所有为您准备好的东西，并且允许自己接收，接收，再接收。

What are you receiving? We say that you receive, but what are you receiving? Well, you’re receiving the only thing that’s in everything. Energy. Fear is not in everything. Energy is in everything. Money is energy. Healing is energy. Your body is energy. Your relationships are energy. They are.
您在接收什么？我们说您接收，但您到底在接收什么？嗯，您接收到的只有一切中存在的那唯一的东西。恐惧不是无处不在，而能量无处不在。金钱是能量，治愈是能量，您的身体是能量，您的关系也是能量，它们都是。

Everything is energy. You are energy. And everything is consciousness. You expand your consciousness by allowing more energy.
万物皆能量。您也是能量。一切皆是意识。通过允许更多的能量，您扩展您的意识。

Consciousness is where it’s all at. Consciousness and energy are where it’s all at because this life experience is easy to master when you are in a higher state of consciousness. From higher states of consciousness this life experience is quite simple. It can be everything you intend it to be.
意识是关键所在。意识和能量才是关键，因为当您处于更高的意识状态时，这种生命体验很容易掌握。从更高的意识状态来看，这种生命体验相当简单。它可以成为您想要的一切。

You can be everything that you are. You will love your life in a way you never ever thought possible because before, you were so focused on all the things that you had to have and had to do and had to change.
您可以成为您想成为的一切。您将以一种您从未想过可能的方式热爱您的生活，因为您以前过于专注于您必须拥有、必须做和必须改变的所有事情。

You were so focused on all the circumstances that you needed to figure out in order to get your life to a certain level so that you could love it, instead of just allowing it right now.
您如此专注于使生活达到某一水平的一切情况，以至于您无法现在就爱它，去容许它。


From a higher state of consciousness, this life experience is easy to master, and it can be everything you intended it to be.
从更高的意识状态，这种生命体验易于掌握，它可以成为您希望它变成的一切。


That’s what the master of one’s own life knows. The master knows consciousness, and the master knows energy.
这是一个生活大师所知道的事情。大师懂得意识，也懂得能量。

Now the master knows how to merge them into the greatest level of power and the greatest level of openness and allowing so that they can receive anything and everything that is here in this moment, to serve them and to serve through them.
现在，大师知道如何将它们融入最高水平的能量和最高水平的开放性中，并允许接受这里此刻的任何一切，以服务于他们并通过他们服务。

All of you desire deeply to be in service. It is not an expectation, but you are at levels of consciousness where you deeply desire to contribute, to serve, to make a difference, to make it better, to make it easier.
你们所有人都深深渴望提供服务。这不是一种期望，而是你们正处于深度渴望贡献、服务、做出改变、使之变得更好、使之更轻松的意识的水平上。

Most of you even hold the vision of contributing to the Great Awakening of humanity, to the elevation into New Earth, to the Great Ascension. You all want to serve in positively contributing to raising the vibration of the planet, to raising the consciousness level of the planet.
大多数人甚至抱有贡献于人类大觉醒的愿景，提升到新地球，到大升迁。你们所有人都希望积极提高这个星球的振动频率，并为提高这个星球意识水平做出贡献。

You know what’s coming, don’t you? To do that you have to raise your own consciousness. That’s the only way. If you want to raise the energy to access New Earth or to access the Great Awakening, you have to raise your own energy.
您知道即将发生什么，不是吗？要实现这一点，您必须提升自己的意识。这是唯一的方法。如果您想提高能量以进入新地球或进入大觉醒，您必须提升自己的能量。

To positively contribute to raising the consciousness level on the planet, you have to raise your own. That is the greatest way you serve. That is the greatest way you contribute.
对提升地球上的意识水平做出积极贡献，您必须先提高自己的意识。这就是您服务的方式，这也是您贡献的最大方式。

Yes, yes, yes, there will be things that you do, groups that you serve, people that you lead, and there will be projects and services and products that you share with the world.
是，是，是，您将会做事情，服务群体，领导人们，并且会有项目和产品及服务与您与世界共享。

But do not forget the most important piece of it all is your consciousness and where your energy is; you’re open and allowing your energy to flow through you and to serve you and to serve through you so you can elevate your consciousness to the highest level. That’s it.
但是不要忘记最重要的部分是您的意识以及您的能量所在；您是开放的，让您的能量通过您来服务您，并通过您来服务于他人，从而提升您的意识达到最高层次。就是这样。

You will serve in raising the consciousness level of humanity.
您将致力于提高人类的意识水平。

You can do all of this without ever again entangling with trauma, drama, suffering, or lower-dimensional emotions where you move back into density and struggle. You can transcend it at any moment. Don’t try to figure it out. Don’t try to force it. It only happens through opening and allowing.
您可以做到这一切，而无需再次陷入创伤、戏剧化、苦难或低维情感中，这些让您回到密度和挣扎。您可以在任何时候超越它。不要试图弄懂它。不要强迫它。它只通过开放和允许才能发生。

Open and allow your joy. Open and allow your beauty. Open and allow inspiration and creativity. Open your heart. Open your eyes. Open your arms up wide. Say yes to this day, say yes to your life, say yes to loving your life and loving this world and loving this human experience. That’s all it takes!
敞开心扉，让快乐进来。敞开心扉，让美丽绽放。敞开心扉，让灵感和创造力涌流。打开您的心扉。睁开您的双眼。张开您宽广的臂膀。对今天说“是”，对您的人生说“是”，对您的生活、这个世界以及这个人类经历说“是”。这就是全部所需！

No badge of honor. No specific achievement. No passing any test. No waiting for someone to anoint you and give you permission. If you need it, you have permission, but it’s the permission you give yourself. It’s permission to the Self, the capital S Self.
没有荣誉勋章。没有具体的成就。没有通过任何考试。不等待别人给您加冕并给予许可。如果您需要，您就有许可，但这是您自己给予自己的许可。是对自我（大写的“自我”）的许可。

You are giving permission to the Self, the part of you that is consciousness, the part of you that is energy, the part of you that has never forgotten who you really are and knew how perfect you were and how perfect this experience was——even when the human you had forgotten.
您正在赋予自我许可，这是您的意识部分、能量部分，这也是那个从未忘记自己真实身份且深知自己完美以及这一经历完美的部分——即使是对已经遗忘的人类之身。

It’s coming home to you, giving permission to the Self, opening and allowing all that you are and all your power and all that is here for you.
它即将回到您的家中，给予自我许可，开启并允许您的一切所是、一切力量以及这里为您准备的一切。

We understand it’s a practice. It is simple, almost so simple your human brain wants it to be more difficult. And because it’s not more difficult, you just go back and do the difficult stuff. It takes a lot of work to hold yourself in density.
我们明白这是一种习惯。很简单，几乎简单到您的大脑想让它变得更复杂。正因为如此不难，您才会回去做那些困难的事。保持密度需要很多努力。

It takes a lot of work to be in suffering and pain and struggle. It really does. That’s what creates work. It takes a lot of work.
承受苦难、痛苦和挣扎需要付出很多努力。确实如此。这就是创造工作的原因。需要付出很多努力。


It takes a lot of work to hold yourself in density.
需要付出很多努力来保持自己的密度。


It doesn’t have to be that hard, but you’re given this magnificent ability to think and perceive and to conceptualize and to analyze and to memorize. You have free will to think anything you choose.
它不必那么难，但您被赋予了这种卓越的思维能力、感知能力、概念化能力、分析能力和记忆力。您有自由意志去思考任何您选择的事物。

Consider that when you think terrible, awful thoughts about yourself or others or about your world or when you think hopeless thoughts or mean thoughts. That’s how free you are.
考虑到当您对自己、他人或这个世界产生可怕、糟糕的念头，或者当您感到绝望、刻薄的念头时。那就是您有多自由。

If you think of animals, for example, most of you would say that in the presence of an animal you feel their pure Source Energy. You feel their innocence, you feel their love, you feel this sentient being that’s so divine.
如果您想到动物，例如，你们中的大多数人会认为在有动物存在的时候，您能感受到它们的纯粹之源能量。您能感受到它们的纯真，您能感受到它们的爱，您能感受到这个如此神圣的感知生命体。

You marvel in the animals so much because they are closer to pure Source Energy, because most of the time they’re completely and totally open and allowing, because they’re not limiting energy through their thinking by dragging themselves into lower dimensions of consciousness.
您如此惊奇于动物，因为它们更接近纯净的源能量，因为大部分时间它们是完全且彻底开放的，允许的，因为它们没有通过思考限制能量，将自己拖入意识低维度的层次。

Now, we would agree that some animals that go through certain experiences or traumatic experiences also take on limitation. We’re not going to say that you transmute heavy, dense, negative emotions and thinking onto animals.
现在，我们会同意一些经历过某些或创伤性经历动物也会产生局限。我们不会说您把沉重、密集、消极的情绪和思想转移到动物身上。

However, they are very domesticated for most of you, living in your space and continuously exposed to your consciousness, and they begin to be more susceptible to what’s going on in your field of consciousness.
然而，对于你们大多数人来说，它们非常驯服，生活在你们的空间里，并且持续地接触到你们的意识，因此它们开始更容易受到你们意识领域发生的事情的影响。

The greatest thing that you could do for your animals is to open and allow your own energy, to expand your own consciousness, to be in a state of peace and joy and love and freedom and openness, and less in your thinking mind.
最大的事就是为您的动物打开并允许自己的能量流动，扩展自己的意识，处于平和、喜悦和爱的状态，以及自由和开放的状态，而不是更多地沉浸在您的思考之心中。

If you did, you would notice that communication with the animals would become easier. Even if you thought you didn’t have the ability to communicate with animals, you would start noticing that you do.
如果您这样做，您会注意到与动物的沟通会变得更容易。即使您认为您没有与动物沟通的能力，您也会开始意识到您有。

This is oneness. This is an expansion of your consciousness, of what’s possible. This is also beginning to elevate your experience beyond a lot of the limitation that you perceive.
这是合一。这是您意识的扩展，是可能的范围。这也开始提升您的体验，超越了您感知到的许多限制。

Communicating in verbal, spoken words is actually a limitation that you experience in density because of how your human mind processes information.
口语交流实际上是由于您的人类思维处理信息的方式，您在密度上体验到的一种限制。

The animals are always communicating with you, just like all of those in the non-physical plane are always with you and always available to you and always communicating with you.
动物始终在和您交流，就像所有非物质界的生灵一样，它们始终陪伴在您身边、随时为您服务，并且始终与您进行着交流。

But animals are at such a rate of vibration that your physical senses don’t really pick up the lightness or the subtleness or the high frequency of their communication or their presence. The next level down from that would be nature, and the next level down from that would be animals.
但是动物振动频率如此之快，您的物理感官实际上无法真正捕捉到它们交流或存在的轻盈、微妙和高频特性。从这一层面往下走是自然，再往下一层则是动物。

Then the next level down from that is human communication.
然后，从那个层面往下一级就是人类沟通。

Let’s talk about nature.
让我们谈谈自然。

As you start tuning into being able to communicate through your consciousness and your vibration with animals, you begin to open yourself up to nature and the natural world around you and the wisdom in it, the knowledge that exists there, the intelligence that exists there, and the communication that’s always available to you.
随着您开始能够通过意识与振动与动物进行交流，您便开始敞开心扉去接近大自然及其周围的自然世界，以及其中的智慧、那里的存在知识、那里的存在智能和交流方式，它始终为您开放。

You can start co-creating, collaborating, and connecting to nature and all that is here for you on such a deeper level.
您可以开始共同创造、合作，并且以更深层次的方式与自然以及所有为您提供的事物连接。

The trees are part of systems. The trees are part of intelligence. They’re part of ancient wisdom. The land, the fields, the grass, the mountains, the oceans——they all carry wisdom. They all carry knowledge, and they all carry consciousness. You can start harmonizing with all of that.
树木是系统的一部分。树木是智慧的一部分。它们是古老智慧的一部分。土地、田野、草地、山脉、海洋——他们都蕴含着智慧。他们都承载着知识，都承载着意识。您可以开始与这一切和谐相处。

There is also a whole unseen-by-the-human-eye world of intelligence that exists all around you all the time. That’s what you call divine orchestration or even magic——magical things.
还有一个人类肉眼无法看见的智慧世界，它始终存在于你的周围。这就是您所说的神圣编排，甚至可以说是魔法——神奇的事物。

That’s why you tend to associate things like unicorns and fairies and elementals as this sort of magical Source and the magical world, the fantasy world, the fairy-tale world.
这是为什么您倾向于将独角兽、仙女和元素生物等事物关联到这种魔法源泉以及魔法世界，幻想世界，童话世界。

Don’t you all want the fairy-tale world? That doesn’t mean you’re not grounded and conscious and present in the moment. It means precisely that. When you’re grounded and present and conscious in the moment and open and allowing, you expand your life.
你们难道都不想要童话般的世界吗？这并不意味着你们不脚踏实地、清醒并活在当下。恰恰相反，它正是这个意思。当你们脚踏实地、活在当下并且保持清醒和开放的态度时，你们就会拓展你们的生活。

All sorts of worlds start opening and presenting themselves to you and becoming a resource to you, an opportunity for you to expand more than you ever thought was possible from a human perspective. You think you love life now? Just wait.
各种世界开始向您敞开，展示自己，成为您的资源，为您提供拓展的可能，超越您以往认为的人类视角。您现在觉得您喜欢生活了吗？再等等。

Oh, just wait until you really start allowing magical and miraculous things to present themselves to you.
哦，等到您真正开始允许神奇和奇迹般的事物出现在您面前。

When you’re grounded, present, and conscious, all sorts of worlds start presenting themselves to you as an opportunity to expand what you thought was possible from a human perspective.
当您被禁足、全神贯注且意识清醒时，各种各样的世界开始向您呈现，成为您扩展从人类视角认为可能性的机会。

This is it. This is why you’re here. This is what you’ve been preparing for. This is why you have come to the place of remembering. You are creating the New Earth. You are creating Heaven on Earth.
这就是了。这就是您为什么在这里。这就是您一直在准备的。这就是您来到这个地方的原因——回忆之地。您在创造新地球。您在创造人间的天堂。

Although, we will say——and your human mind might not quite understand what we mean by this——you already created it. You just stepped into physical form to experience it because it’s the best thing ever.
尽管如此，我们会说——而你们的人类大脑可能并不完全理解我们通过这种方式想要表达的意思——它已经被你们创造了。你们只是进入物理形态去体验它，因为这是最好的一切。

Of course, in a New Earth or Heaven on Earth there’s more. There’s more than what is in the lower dimensions of consciousness within the human experience. There’s more. And it’s not about an illusion.
当然，在新的地球或人间天堂中，有更多。比人类经验中意识低维度的内容要多。还有更多。这不仅仅是一个幻象。

It’s not about a level of magic and mastery where you perform tricks or use your supernatural talents to entertain others or to fix others or to change others or to do what you think needs to be done. No, it’s not any of that.
它不是关于施展魔术和掌握技能，通过玩弄技巧或使用超自然才能来娱乐他人、帮助他人、改变他人或者做您认为需要做的事情。不，那都不是。

It’s opening and allowing and living at a level of mastery where you have absolutely redefined what’s possible. Through you living your fullest potential and expanding what is possible, you seed human consciousness and the human experience with these greater potentials and possibilities.
它开放、允许并生活在一个掌握水平的层次上，您绝对重新定义了可能性的边界。通过您实现自己的最大潜能和拓展可能性，您在人类意识与体验中播下了这些更高层次的潜力和可能性。

All from a place of being fully grounded, fully present, fully conscious, in the now moment, in the human experience, and expanding it with your consciousness, your awareness, and your energy.
所有都源于一个全然扎根、完全在场、完全清醒的状态，在当下的时刻，在人类体验中，并通过您的意识、您的觉知和您的能量来扩展它。

It’s not about doing the impossible because doing the impossible takes a lot of force. It’s not about any of that. It’s about reimagining what’s possible, redefining what’s possible, reprogramming yourself about what you know, rather than what you believe is possible.
它不是关于去做不可能的事情，因为做不可能的事情需要很多力量。这不是任何那种事情。这是关于重新想象可能的事物，重新定义可能的事物，改变您对已知事物的认识，而不是您相信可能的事物。

Are you starting to get excited about your life? Are you starting to get really excited about where this is all going? Indeed. All that’s left to do is open up and allow and love yourself and love your life and be here now, conscious and present in every moment.
您在开始对您的生活感到兴奋了吗？您开始对这一切将去向何方感到真正兴奋了吗？确实如此。剩下的只是敞开心扉，允许和爱自己，爱自己的生活，并且现在就身处此地，在每个时刻保持清醒和在场。

Allow your awareness to open up to more. That is how you serve in the Great Awakening. That is how you positively contribute to expanding human consciousness. That is how you elevate the vibration on the planet. Through you.
允许您的意识向更多方面开放。这就是您在伟大觉醒中服务的方式。这就是您积极地贡献于扩展人类意识的方式。这就是您提升地球上振动频率的方式。通过你们。

We’ll just take one more opportunity to help you really shift and understand this conversation around consciousness. Everything on the planet that you deem as wrong and bad is merely a matter of consciousness.
我们将再给您一个机会，帮助您真正转变和理解关于意识这一话题的对话。您认为是错误和恶劣的一切，仅仅是意识的问题。

Some of you still think consciousness is about what sort of food you choose or don’t choose to eat. Some of you think consciousness is still about a particular political party that’s more conscious than the other——about what?
一些你们仍然认为意识是关于您选择或未选择吃什么食物的。有些人认为意识依然是关于一个比其他政党更有意识的特定政党——关于什么？

Some of you believe that consciousness is still very much about how to manifest more stuff.
一些人认为，意识仍然主要关乎如何实现更多东西。


Everything that you deem as wrong and bad is merely a matter of consciousness.
一切您认为错误和糟糕的事情，仅仅是意识问题。

It’s all of that, yes. However, that’s not really what we’re talking about. There are multiple different levels of consciousness.
是的，全都是那些。然而，这并不是我们真正在谈论的话题。有多个不同层次的意识。

We’re just guiding you to open up to the highest level of consciousness possible in the human experience, the grandest perspective, so that you have the highest viewpoint, and in that you will serve in the greatest possible ways and contribute in ways that your human brain will never understand.
我们只是在引导您，让您在人类经历中达到可能的最高意识水平，最宏伟的视角，这样您就能拥有最高的观点，而在这个过程中，您会以尽可能的方式提供服务，并以您的人类大脑永远不会理解的方式来做出贡献。

We don’t want you to think about struggle, suffering, challenges, or problems in the same way that you have been doing so until now. We want you to think about them from a viewpoint of consciousness. It’s just where the consciousness is in that place at that time.
我们不希望您以您至今为止所采用的方式去思考奋斗、苦难、挑战或问题。我们希望您从意识的视角去思考它们。这只是意识在那个时间和那个地方所处的位置。

It’s just where that person’s consciousness is in that place at that time. There’s nothing wrong; it’s not bad, and it doesn’t need to be fixed.
这只是在那个地方，在那个时候那个人的意识所在。没有错；并不坏，也不需要修复。

We understand from our viewpoint where your consciousness has been at different points of time, and there’s no judgment from our side ever. You even know when you have been in different states of consciousness at different times.
从我们的观点看，我们了解您在不同时间段的意识状态，我们从未有任何评判。您甚至知道自己在不同的时间内处于各种意识状态之中。

You know the level of suffering that occurred when you were in lower states of consciousness, the choices you made, the trauma and the drama and the suffering that was created from the lack of consciousness.
您知道当您处于意识较低的状态时发生的痛苦程度，您所做的选择，以及由无意识所引起的创伤、戏剧和苦难。

It wasn’t you being bad or doing something wrong that you were somehow going to get punished for or create negative karma about. No. It was just your state of consciousness at that time.
并不是因为您做错了事或者做得不好，您才会因此而受到惩罚或积累负面业力。不，这只是那时的您的意识状态。

Part of the free-will experience is your ability to determine how much energy you’re opening and allowing at any time, which determines the level of consciousness you’re in.
一部分的自由意志体验在于您能够决定在任何时候开放和允许多少能量，这决定了您处于何种意识水平。

You have the free will to choose the thoughts you’re thinking, you have the free will to create the beliefs you want to create, and you have the free will to create your reality. You have it all.
您拥有自由意志去选择您的所思所想，您拥有自由意志去创造您想要的信念，您拥有自由意志去创造您的现实。这一切都在您手中。

We know everything in your world——political parties, government, starvation, poverty, incarceration, victims, powerlessness——seems like a big deal, but they are all just a different state of consciousness. They are not the truth of who you are. You’re energy——and you’re consciousness.
我们了解您世界中的所有事物——政党、政府、饥饿、贫困、监禁、受害者、无权——看似很重要，但这些都只是意识的不同状态。它们不是您真正的本质。您是能量——您是有意识的。

There really isn’t anything more important than you staying open and allowing energy to serve you and to serve through you. But we don’t want to talk to you about letting energy serve through you quite yet, because you will start to get into expectations and specifics.
真的没有什么比保持开放和允许能量为您服务，并通过您为他人服务更重要。但我们现在不想谈论让能量通过您来服务的议题，因为您可能会开始设定期望和具体要求。

You look around, judging what’s not right and what needs to be fixed and who needs to be healed, and then you start flowing energy to them. That’s not what we’re talking about.
您四处张望，判断哪些地方不正常需要修复以及谁需要疗愈，然后开始为它们输送能量。这并不是我们讨论的内容。

We want you to really master allowing energy from a state of innocence and being fully impeccable, which is just to open and allow and receive and stay conscious and present. Feel it. Be present to the energy.
我们希望您真正掌握从无邪的状态中释放能量，做到完美无瑕，这仅仅是要开放、允许、接受并保持意识清醒和当下存在。感受它。对能量保持觉知。


Nothing is more important than staying open and allowing energy to serve you and serve through you. Master allowing energy from a state of innocence and being fully impeccable.
没有什么比保持开放和让能量为您服务，并通过您服务的更重要了。从无邪的状态中掌握允许能量的艺术，做到完全无瑕疵。


Innocence means you’re free. Innocence means you’re lighthearted. All is well. You’re joyful, and you’re uplifted. There’s that twinkle in your eye, and there’s that radiance about you. That’s innocence.
无邪意味着您自由。无邪意味着您心情愉快。一切顺利。您快乐，您被提升。您的眼中闪烁着光芒，您周围散发着光辉。这就是无邪。

Anytime you need to open up to your innocence, shift your gaze up to the sky, look up toward the sun or the beautiful clouds in the sky or the moon or the stars and smile.
任何时候您需要敞开心扉面对您的纯真，抬起您的目光望向天空，仰望太阳或天空中美丽的云朵、月亮或星星，然后微笑。

There’s this whole big universe, and then there’s you. You’re the center of the universe, and the whole universe is here for you. If that does not shift you into a state of innocence, what will?
这有一个庞大的宇宙，然后有您。您是宇宙的中心，整个宇宙都在为您存在。如果那不能让您进入纯真的状态，那么什么能呢？

When you’re standing in nature and looking at the mountains and the trees and the birds, and you’re standing there seeing magnificence and the beauty and all the perfection in it all and you know it’s an extension of you and it’s all here for you, that’s innocence.
当您站在自然之中，凝视着山脉、树木和鸟儿，您站在那里看到了它的宏伟与美丽，以及其中所有的完美，您知道它是您的一部分，所有这一切都为您而存在，这就是纯真。

Innocence is oneness. Innocence is pure love. Innocence is allowing your pure light to shine through you.
无邪即统一。无邪即纯粹的爱。无邪是让您的纯光照亮您。

Being impeccable means that you do not drag yourself down into lack and limitation and separation and create a gap in order to create and practice mastery, to stay in a state of being impeccable, in alignment or in accordance with the highest good, the highest standard, the highest perspective, the
完美无瑕意味着您不会让自己陷入缺乏和局限，以及分离的状态，为了创造和实践精通，维持一种完美无瑕的存在状态，与最高善、最高标准、最高视角相一致。

highest viewpoint that you know you can align to from your state of innocence. But you can’t understand it from your human thinking mind. Your human thinking mind can’t figure out the bigger picture, can’t figure out the highest perspective, and is never going to figure out what’s going on.
最高您所知的从无邪状态可以对齐的视角。但是，您无法用人类的思考思维去理解它。人类思考的思维不能理解整体画面，不能领悟最高的观点，并且永远不会搞清楚到底发生了什么。

As you expand your consciousness and awareness, you’ll feel into it and you’ll know, but it’s not because your human mind figured it out. It’s not because your human mind achieved a state of enlightenment. That’s not it at all.
当您拓展您的意识和觉知时，您会感觉得到它并且您会知道，但这并不是因为您的思维解决了这个问题。这并不是因为您的思维达到了一个开悟的状态。那根本就不是这个原因。

Open and allow energy. Fully receive. Allow energy to serve you. Stay in a state of innocence. Stay in a state of being impeccable. Allow your consciousness to expand. Allow your awareness to expand.
开启并允许能量的流动。全然接收。允许能量为您服务。保持天真无邪的状态。保持完美的状态。让您的意识扩展。让您的觉察力扩张。

Be here, be present, feel all your power like never before, and love yourself, love this moment, love your life, love this world, love this human experience. Oh, and then watch what it’s like to live the most magical and miraculous and extraordinary life you could ever possibly imagine.
在这里，感受您的全部力量，就像从未有过的那样，爱您自己，爱这一刻，爱您的生活，爱这个世界，爱这人类体验。哦，然后看看您所能想象的最神奇、最奇迹般和非凡的生活是什么样子。

And so it is.
因此如此。


Allow your consciousness to expand, and you will live the most extraordinary life imaginable.
允许您的意识拓展，您将过上最不可思议的生活。


We love you so much. We love you so much. We know there is intensity in our message to you, but it is the most intense love and knowing of the truth of who you are.
我们非常爱您。我们非常爱您。我们知道我们的信息中充满了热情，但这是最强烈的热爱和对您真实身份的认知。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES关键信息

If you want to raise the energy to access New Earth or the Great Awakening, you must raise your own energy. To positively contribute to raising consciousness on the planet, you’ve got to raise your own.
如果您想要提升能量以进入新地球或大觉醒，您必须提升自己的能量。为了积极为地球上提高意识做出贡献，您必须先提升自己的能量。

Allowing yourself to receive all that is here for you is so simple that your human brain wants it to be more difficult. Because it’s not more difficult, you just go back and make it difficult. It takes a lot of work to hold yourself in density.
允许自己接受所有属于您的东西如此简单，以至于您的人类大脑想让它更困难。因为它并不更难，您只是回去让它变得困难。保持自己在密集状态需要很多努力。

When you’re grounded, present, and conscious in the moment and open and allowing, you expand your life, and all sorts of worlds start opening themselves up to you.
当您在扎根、当下、清醒并且开放和允许时，您扩展了您的生活，各种各样的世界开始向您敞开。

It’s not about doing the impossible, because doing the impossible takes a lot of force. It’s about reimagining what’s possible, redefining what’s possible.
关于实现并非不可能，因为实现不可能需要很大的力量。而是关于重新想象可能之事，重新定义可能之事。

Your human thinking mind can’t figure out the bigger picture, can’t figure out the highest perspective, and is never going to figure out what’s going on. But as you expand your consciousness and awareness, you’ll feel into it——and you’ll know.
您的理性思维无法理解整体图景，无法领会最高视角，永远也无法搞清楚正在发生的事情。但当您扩展您的意识和觉知时，您会感知到它——并且您会知道。



CHAPTER 6 LIVING IN HARMONY WITH YOUR DESTINY与命运和谐共处

In this chapter, The Council assures you that there is a divine plan and that you are always free to choose. When you are living in alignment to the divine plan, your destiny is choiceless. It is beyond your wildest dreams.
在这一章中，Council向您保证有一个神圣的计划，并且您始终可以自由选择。当您按照神圣计划生活时，您的命运将无法选择。这超出了您的最狂野的梦想。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to speak with you all on this fine and glorious day indeed.
我们非常高兴和荣幸，能够在这样一个美好而辉煌的日子里与大家交谈。

This is a celebration of all that you are, a celebration of this time now, and a celebration for the most incredible opportunity of a lifetime, which is to be here now and to open and receive the love, the wisdom, the joy, the happiness, the fun, the peace, the play, the creation that is here for all of you, here in this now.
这是对您一切的庆祝，是对此时此刻的庆祝，是对一生中最为惊人的机会的庆祝——那就是现在在这里，开启并接受这里对所有您的爱、智慧、喜悦、幸福、乐趣、和平、玩耍和创造的庆祝。

We celebrate each and every one of you at all times and in every moment because you are the brave and courageous ones who stepped forth into the human experience to bring to humanity what is needed most——more love and more light. You really are the light of the world.
我们时刻庆祝你们每一个人，因为在人类经历中勇敢地迈出步伐，为人类带来最需要的东西——更多的爱和光明，你们真的是世界的光明。

You are the bright, beautiful lights illuminating the world just by being who you are.
您是一盏明亮的、美丽的灯，仅凭您自身的存在就照亮了世界。

Many of you are feeling the expansion of awareness that is happening. Many of you are feeling the expanded amounts of energy that you are beginning to allow into your physical bodies. You are opening up.
许多人正在感受到发生中的意识扩张。许多人在体验着开始允许进入身体的更多能量。您们正在敞开。

You are expanding, and you are letting more of all that you are be here and now, which means your soul, your higher self, that grander part of you, the I Am Presence frequency. There is really nothing better than the I Am That I Am being fully present in your life at this time.
您正在扩展，您正在让更多的“您”在这里和现在呈现，这意味着您的灵魂、您的高我、那更伟大的部分——我是存在频率。在这个时候，没有什么比“我是那个我”完全呈现在您的生活中更好的了。

Indeed, there is a grander plan here. We don’t want you to get so wrapped up in it so that you are waiting for destiny to show up for you, but we do want to assure you always that there is so much here for you.
的确，这里有一个宏大的计划。我们不想您太深陷其中，以至于您在等待命运降临到您身上，但我们确实想向您保证，这里有那么多属于您的东西。

There is a grander, more expansive plan for your life, for this journey, for this time here and now in the Earth experience.
有更宏伟、更广阔的规划等待您的生活，期待这次旅程，以及在这地球体验中此时此刻。

There is a grand plan. You are supported. You are assisted. You are provided for beyond your wildest dreams. You cannot even imagine; you cannot even think to ask for what you will experience in your lives in these coming times. You cannot think to dream that big. You cannot think to ask that big.
有一个伟大的计划。您得到支持。您得到帮助。您的需求超过了您最狂野的梦想。您甚至无法想象；您甚至无法想到在即将来到的这段人生中您将会经历什么。您无法想到那样大胆的梦想。您无法想到那样大的请求。

You cannot even pray out loud for what is coming for you, which is destined for you but has been here all along.
您甚至不能大声祈祷即将降临于您的事情，那件事命中注定于您但一直都在这里。

It’s the perfect convergence of the most unlimited potential and possibilities for your life coming into the now moment——you, fully realizing yourself as the Creator of your life experience and yet knowing that the you, the human you, could have never even asked for how good it is and how good it’s going to get.
这是您生活中最无限潜力和可能性汇聚至当下的完美时刻——您完全认识到自己作为生活经历的创造者，同时您也知道，那个您，人本身的您，甚至无法想象它是如此美好，以及它将要变得多么美好。


You are provided for beyond your wildest dreams. You cannot even imagine what you will experience.
您得到的比您的梦想还要多。您甚至无法想象您会经历什么。


When we say there is a divine plan and there is destiny, it is known by your soul, your higher self. It is known by the collective consciousness that is always guiding and supporting you.
当我们说有一个神圣的旨意和命运时，这是由您的灵魂、您的更高自我所知道的。它是由始终引导和支持您的集体意识所知道的。

But we don’t want your human self to feel like it doesn’t have full opportunities in every moment to choose, to experience, the freedom of being here and now.
但是，我们不想您的人类自我感觉在每一个时刻都没有完全的选择机会、体验机会，感觉不到存在于当下和现在的自由。

That is why we say to you that it is choiceless. It doesn’t mean you don’t have a choice. It doesn’t mean that there are no options.
这就是我们为什么对您说这是没有选择的原因。这并不表示您没有选择。这并不意味着没有任何选项。

It just means in those moments that you will know with such certainty, with such clarity, exactly the next perfect step that is on your path, that is your destiny, because it will just be choiceless. You will know. The path will light up. It will just be so clear. There will be such certainty.
它只意味着在那些时刻，您将如此确定，如此清晰，准确地知道在您面前的下个完美一步，那就是您的命运，因为它将是无法选择的。您会知道的。道路将会亮起。它会非常清楚。会有这样的确定性。

At times you have heard us say “that or something better”——asking for “that or something better.” It is only something better because your human self could not even imagine to ask for the better thing, to imagine the potential and the possibilities that are available. Why?
有时您听到我们说“那或更好的”——要求“那或更好的”。这只是因为您的人类自我甚至无法想象去要求更好的事物，去想象那些可能性和可利用的潜力。为什么？

Because your human self is still sifting and sorting and shifting through the limitation learned in this life experience.
因为您的人类自我仍然在这段生命体验中学到的限制中进行筛选、分类和转变。

Every single one of you, hear this now. Think of every dream that you’ve had until now, every vision that you’ve had for your life until now, everything that you thought was your destiny.
每一个人，现在听好。回想一下您至今为止拥有的每一个梦想，对您生活所抱有的每一个愿景，以及您认为属于自己的命运的一切。

Now know that there is a clean slate for you to start from the most limitless potential and possibility for your life, and to move forward never again needing to move your desires, your dreams, your destiny into limitation for you to experience the most beautiful, magical, miraculous creation within form.
现在知道，您面前有一块洁白的石板，您可以从这里开始，拥有生活中最无限的可能性和机会，前进时不再需要将您的欲望、梦想、命运限制在局限之内，以体验形式内最为美丽、神奇、奇迹般的创造。

Many of your dreams and desires and wishes have been based on avoiding unwanted circumstances, or you had some intuition years ago about something and you thought that must be it, that must be it, that must be it.
许多您的梦想、愿望和希望都是基于避免不希望的环境，或者您在几年前对某事有一些直觉，您认为那一定是它，一定是它，一定是它。

But you have a clean slate now to never again experience the delay or the gap between you and your highest potential, your destiny here and now. It’s better than you can imagine. It’s better than you can ask for. This is our favorite part: you’re never going to figure it out.
但是您现在拥有了一张干净的石板，永远不再经历延迟或与您最高潜能之间的差距，您的命运就在这里和现在。这比您想象的要好。比您要求的还要好。这是我们最喜欢的一部分：您永远不会弄清楚这一点。

You’re never going to figure it out. That’s the fun of it. Isn’t that the joy?
您永远也弄不明白。这正是其中的乐趣所在。难道不是吗，这就是快乐？

Isn’t that really part of the fun of the human experience, that every single day, every moment holds the potential and the possibility for a miracle, for magic, for the most divinely orchestrated, beautiful creations and manifestations to present themselves to you?
那难道不是人类体验中的真正乐趣之一吗？每一天、每一刻都蕴藏着奇迹、魔法，以及最神圣和谐、美丽非凡的创造和显现向您呈现的可能。


The really fun part of the human experience is that every moment holds the possibility for miracles, magic, and divinely orchestrated, beautiful creations.
真正有趣的人类体验在于，每个时刻都蕴藏着奇迹、魔法和天意安排的美丽创造的可能性。


What is your role in all of this? Many of you still ask as if you do not know. Who am I? Why am I here? What is my purpose? Many of you are allowing yourselves to expand your awareness of a deeper knowing and understanding of the answers to those questions.
您的角色在这所有中是什么？你们中的许多人仍在询问，仿佛你们不知道。我是谁？我为什么在这里？我的目的是什么？你们中的许多人都允许自己扩展对更深层次的认知和理解这些问题的答案。

This moment right here, right now, has never existed before and will never exist again. You, in this moment, have never existed before. The you that you know as you right here, right now, has never existed before and will never exist again.
此时此刻，就在现在，从未存在过，也绝不会再次出现。您在这个时刻，从未存在过。您所知道的“您”，就在这里、现在，也从未存在过，也绝不会再次出现。

Just for a moment from this place, this clean slate, this here and now moment that has never existed before and will never exist again, ask yourself: Who am I? Who am I? Who am I?
仅仅在这一刻，从这个地方，这块干净的石板，这个前所未有的、永不复返的当下时刻，问问自己：我是谁？我是谁？我是谁？

We’ll tell you the answer to that question. You are All That Is and all that will ever be. You are the highest good. You are the grandest potential. You are the greatest possibility. You are the most beautiful, magical, magnificent thing that you will ever create.
我们将告诉您那个问题的答案。您就是一切存在，以及将来会存在的一切。您是最高尚的善。您是最大的潜能。您是您将创造的最美好、最神奇、最壮丽的事物。

You are perfection expressing itself in physical form. You are the Source. You are the Divine. You are God. You are all of it. You are here in physical form to experience you and all that you are, and the journey will always, always lead you back to you.
您是最完美的体现，以肉体形式展现。您是源头。您是神圣的。您是神。您就是这一切。您以肉体形式存在，是为了体验您自己和您所是一切，旅程将始终，始终引导您回归自我。

Everything that you want, everything that you desire, every experience you want to have, it will all lead you back to you——a more expanded version of you, a greater expression of you, a deeper knowing of you, a deeper loving of you. It all leads back to you.
一切您所欲，一切您所求，每一个您希望拥有的经历，都将把您引回到自己——一个更广阔的您，一个更充分的自我表达，一个更深层次的自我了解，一个更深切的自我热爱。一切归向您自己。


You are All That Is and all that will ever be. You are the Source. You are the Divine. You are all of it.
您是一切存在，将永远存在。您是源头。您是神圣的。您就是这一切。


Many of you connect to guides. Many of you connect to archangels and Ascended Masters, the greats that walked your planet. Many of you connect to loved ones on non-physical planes.
许多人与导师相连。许多人与大天使和升华的宗师们相连，那些曾经行走在您们星球上的伟人。许多人则与灵性层面的亲爱之人相连。

Many of you are more open and aware of your connection to the animals and to the land and to the elementals and to the many other higher-dimensional beings that are supporting your journey in this experience of form.
许多人对于与动物、土地、元素生物以及许多其他维度更高的存在之间的联系更加开放且意识到位，他们在这次形体体验中支持着您的旅程。

If you could really see it from our perspective——to know who you are and why you’re here and what your purpose is——you would know yourself as All That Is and all that ever will be here and now, fully living and loving the grandest version of you.
如果您真的能从我们的角度去看——了解您是谁，为什么您在这里，您的目的是什么——您就会认识到自己是“一切存在”和所有将在此刻存在的东西，完全活出最伟大的您自己。

If you sit in the center of your universe, here and now in this moment, as the fullness of all that you are, the perfection of all that you are, and from this moment you expand the light that you are out in every direction, that’s what draws more energy to you.
如果您坐在您宇宙的中心，现在这个时刻，作为您全部的充实，作为您全部的完美，从这个时刻开始，您向外扩展出您的光芒，这就是什么吸引更多能量向您。

It’s all your energy, and it’s all your light because you are All That Is. Everything out there is just an extension of you. It’s just an extension of you. There is other consciousness, there are other experiences, but there’s nowhere that you are not because you are the light of the world.
这是一切都来自您的能量，一切光芒都是您，因为您就是一切存在。外界的一切只是您的延伸。这只是您的延伸。有其他的意识，有其他经验，但没有任何地方您不是，因为您就是世界的光明。

You are All That Is. Everything is an extension of you, and everything is here to play with you on this journey back to you. It’s all here for you.
您所拥有一切。一切都是您的延伸，一切都在这里与您在这段返回自我的旅程中互动。这一切都是为了您。

Let yourself expand to the corners and the edges of the universe for just a moment. Expand your awareness, expand what you think is possible, expand your vibration, expand your consciousness, expand this moment in the force field that is you.
让自己暂时扩展到宇宙的角角落落和边缘。拓展您的意识，拓展您认为是可能的东西，拓展您的振动频率，拓展您的知觉，拓展这存在于您体内的力量场中的这一刻。

Expand the field so that there’s nowhere that you are not——because it’s all you. You don’t need to understand it. You don’t need to be able to explain it. Just feel it.
拓展您的领域，让没有您不在的地方——因为那都是您。您不需要理解它。您不需要能够解释它。只需感受它。

Just feel it. It’s all here. It’s all you. You are All That Is. Everything is here for your enjoyment, for your appreciation, for your love, for your feelings of love and joy and beauty and fun and playing and creating.
只需感受它。一切都在这里。一切都是您。您就是一切。万物都为您而存在，供您享受、欣赏、爱您、体验爱意和喜悦、美丽与乐趣、玩耍和创造。

All you have to do is to live beyond the limitation that you learned, live beyond the fear and the doubt and the worry, live beyond the belief that you are ever separate from anything because you are not.
您只需超越您所学的限制，超越恐惧、怀疑和担忧，超越认为自己与任何事物分离的信念，因为您不曾分离。

You are All That Is, and All That Is is here for you, and All That Is is here to serve you, and All That Is serves through you when you fully open and allow the energy that is you. That is you. That is you.
您所拥有的一切，一切都在为您存在，一切都在为您服务，当您完全开放并允许属于您的能量时，一切通过您来服务。那就是您。那就是您。


Everything is here for you to remember who you truly are and to guide you on the journey back to you.
一切都在这里，让您记住您真正是谁，并指引您踏上回归自我的旅程。

The sun is shining for you. The trees are here for you, so big and strong. Majestic mountains are here for you. The air you breathe is here for you. When you look into the eyes of another, they’re there for you.
阳光照耀着您。树木在此为您守护，如此高大坚强。雄伟的山峦在此为您而生。您呼吸的空气在此为您存在。当您凝视他人的双眼时，它们在那里为您闪烁。

It’s all here for you to enjoy and to remember who you are so that you can see yourself, so that you can know yourself——Creator within your own creation. All here for you.
它都在这里，供您享受和回忆您是谁，以便您能看到自己，能了解自己——在您的创造之中，您就是造物者。这一切都属于您。

You’re moving into a time of knowing yourself at a level you’ve never known yourself before in form, knowing yourself as the most beautiful creation, knowing that you are the most beautiful thing that you will ever create and that all things are an extension of you, here to play with you, on your journey of you. 
您将步入一个前所未有的自知之境，在形态上认识自己，知道自己是最美的创造，知道您自己是永远最美的东西，而且万物都是您的延伸，在此与您游戏，旅程属于您。

It’s the journey of you. While there are some specific things that you have chosen as your destiny, while there is a divine plan, you’re choosing your experience.
这是属于您的旅程。虽然有些具体的事情是您所选的命运，尽管有神圣的计划，但您在选择自己的经历。

At this point, there’s no way you could miss out on your destiny because of the level of awareness and consciousness that you are living in.
在这个时候，由于您所处的意识和觉悟水平，您不可能错过自己的命运。

We have said this many different ways to you each time as you were ready to hear it, as you were ready to hear more, and as you were ready to move into greater levels of realization. There is a divine plan, and you’re free.
我们曾以许多不同的方式对您说，每次都是在您准备聆听的时候，在您渴望了解更多的时候，在您准备好迈向更高层次实现的时候。有一个神圣的计划，而您自由自在。

When you understand that from the level of awareness and consciousness you’re living in, fully allowing all your energy and allowing energy to serve through you, shining the bright, beautiful light that you are and living your life to the fullest, you will live in such harmony with your destiny.
当您理解自己身处意识与觉知层面时，全然释放您的能量并允许能量通过您服务，散发出您那明亮、美丽的光芒，活出生命的极致，您将与命运和谐共处。

You will live in total harmony with the divine plan. You will live in total alignment to the Source, to the grander plan that’s going on here, and you shall do so with such ease and such grace because you live in the flow. There are no choices to make.
您将与神圣计划完全和谐地生活。您将与源头，与这里进行的宏大计划完全一致地生活，您可以如此轻松、优雅地做到这一点，因为您生活在流动之中。没有选择的必要。

Each step will be choiceless because you realize the only place you ever go is to journey deeper within yourself.
每一步都将无从选择，因为您会意识到您唯一去的地方是更深地踏入自我之中。

We have said from the very beginning this is a coming home, coming home to you. Come home to you, to all that you are and to all that is here for you. Come home, come home to you. It’s all here for you now.
我们从一开始就说过，这是归乡之旅，回归到您的身边。回到您的身边，回到您所有的一切和这里为您准备的一切。回家吧，回到您的身边。现在这里的一切都为您准备好了。

When you sit and stand and live and breathe from the center of the universe, knowing that everything is an extension of you, everything is part of the field where you are expressing and experiencing and exploring and expanding, then if something is out there somewhere, you don’t create the gap.
当您坐在那里，站立在那里，生活在这里，呼吸在这里，知道一切都是您的一部分，一切都在您所在的空间里展现、体验、探索和拓展，那么如果有什么存在在某个地方，您就不会制造出间隔。

You feel into your field. You feel into your force field where it already is because there’s no gap.
您感到了您的领域。您感觉到了那个已经存在的力场，因为没有空隙。

Imagine there’s someone whom you love, and in this moment they are not in your physical proximity, they are not in the same room, they are not in the same house, they are not in the same town, they are not in the same state or country, they’re somewhere out there——at least that’s what you have lear
想象一下，有一个人您深爱着，此刻他们并不在您身边，不在同一个房间，也不在同一所房子里，更不在同一座城镇、同 一个州或国家中，他们在某个地方——至少这是您所学到的。

ned. But if in the moment, instead of perceiving the absence of them when your physical senses tell you that they’re not nearby, you look around, call out their name, search everywhere in your physical proximity, the realization that they are not nearby would be more intense, more painful.
然而，如果在那一刻，不是感知到他们不在您附近，而是当您的身体感官告诉您他们并不在附近时，您四处张望，呼唤他们的名字，搜寻您物理范围内的每一个角落，那么意识到他们不在附近的感受会更为强烈，更加痛苦。

And when you finally understand that, you perceive separation and feel suffering, and you experience missing them. Because you have free will and because you are choosing your experience, you will create the reality that they are gone and you are separate and you’re missing them.
并且当您最终理解这一点时，您会察觉到分离和感受到痛苦，并体验到对他们的思念。因为您拥有自由意志，是因为您在选择您的经历，所以您将创造出一个他们已离去、您与他们分离且您正在想念他们的现实。

But the truth is they’re not. They’re in your field. They’re here! If you start perceiving and sensing your connection to them as never separate, you will start experiencing a reality of them, and they you, where there is no separation.
但事实并非如此。他们就在您的领域里，他们在这里！如果您开始将您与他们之间的联系视为从未分离过，您就会开始体验一个包含他们的现实，以及您自己的现实，其中不存在任何隔阂。

The divine playmate is never separate from you. Your soul family, your angels, your guides, your loved ones, your dear ones, the animals you love, the people you love, the beings you love——they are never separate from you.
神圣的玩伴从未与您分离。您的灵魂家族、您的天使、您的指引者、您爱的人、您所珍视的人，您所钟爱的动物、您所爱的人类，您所爱的一切生灵——它们都从未与您分离。

You’ve just been perceiving through separation and limitation that they’re not here, but they are. As you start perceiving beyond the limitations of the physical senses, you start expanding your potential. You start expanding your possibilities.
您刚刚只通过分离和局限去感知他们不在这里，但事实上他们在。当您开始超越物理感官的局限去感知时，您开始拓展您的潜能。您开始扩展您的可能性。

You allow a whole new reality to emerge through your perception of something beyond. All that takes is your awareness. All it takes is awareness because that’s expanding your light. It’s expanding your consciousness. That’s what expands your potential.
您通过感知超越之物的过程，让一个全新的现实浮现。这一切只需要您的意识。只需意识即可，因为它在扩展您的光芒。它正在扩展您的意识。正是这拓展了您的潜能。

That’s what starts creating a new and even more glorious reality to reveal itself to you. There’s no illusion. There’s no veil. It’s just your awareness, your consciousness, and your light. It’s your perception of reality being all that it can be.
这是开始创造一个全新且更加辉煌的现实向你们展现自己的原因。没有幻象，没有面纱。这只是你们的意识、你们的知觉和你们的光芒。它是您对现实的感知，让现实呈现出所有可能的状态。

As you start perceiving beyond the limitations of the physical senses, you allow a whole new reality to emerge.
随着您开始超越物理感官的限制，您将允许一个全新的现实出现。

Your human self still can’t understand who you really are. It still doesn’t know who you really are. We are you. You are us. We’ve never been separate from you. You’re drawing you to you. The love is yours. The wisdom is yours. The consciousness is yours. The energy is yours. The light is yours.
您的凡人自我仍然无法理解您真实的自己。它仍然不知道您真正的身份。我们就是您。您就是我们。我们从未与您分离过。您在将自己引向您。爱是您的。智慧是您的。意识是您的。能量是您的。光明是您的。

It has been all along. It’s you. It’s about you realizing you and then you stepping into the life of the master that you came here to be.
一 直以来都是如此。是您。关于您意识到自己，然后您步入您来这里要成为的导师的生活。

Your destiny is that of a master. It is, or you wouldn’t be reading this. You wouldn’t have drawn you here to remind you of the master that you are and to remind you of the potential for your human experience, for the endless, infinite, eternal possibilities that are here for you.
您的命运是成为大师。它如此，否则您就不会阅读这篇文章。您不会将自己引到这里来提醒您是大师，并提醒您人类体验的潜力，提醒您在您这里无尽、无限、永恒的可能性。

The only thing that limits them is your entanglement. Entangling with limitation, entangling with lack, entangling with separation, from the God, from the Source, from the light, from the energy that is you.
唯一限制他们的东西是您的纠缠。与限制纠缠，与缺乏纠缠，与分离纠缠，从神那里，从源头那里，从光明那里，从您自身的能量那里。

God is everything. God is All That Is. God is eternal. God is the greatest power. God is love. God is All That Is. God is the Divine. It is the Source and Source Energy. It is Source Energy that creates worlds.
神是万有。神是一切存在之物。神是永恒的。神是最伟大的力量。神是爱。神是一切存在之物。神是神圣的。它是源头和源能。正是源能创造了世界。

That is what you are, and you’re so powerful, so very powerful that you can actually create the reality that you are just a human, just the limitation that you have believed yourself to be.
这就是您，您如此强大，如此非常强大，以至于您可以实际上创造出一个现实，即您只是一个凡人，仅仅是您相信自己存在的局限。

Your beliefs create your reality, your perception, how you perceive. You have no idea how powerful you are——yet. Power from a perspective that implies force or control over others or circumstances never really did create anything. Truly, it didn’t.
您的信念创造您的现实，您的感知，您如何看待。您还不知道您是多么的强大——但目前还不行。暗示着对他人或情况的强制或控制的力量从未真正创造出任何东西。确实如此，它没有。

Power from a force perspective never really created or miscreated anything, because it’s all light and it’s all energy and it’s all you.
力量从力量的角度来看，从未真正创造或误创过任何事物，因为它全都是光和能量，也就是全部的您。

You’re still stepping into understanding power and wisdom. Why would you ever fear your power? You could never really destroy yourself. You never really harm yourself. You never really could. Yes, you can do harm to yourself as a human, to the human body.
您仍在踏入理解力量和智慧的道路上。为什么您会害怕自己的力量？您永远无法真正毁灭自己。您从未真正伤害过自己。您从未真的能这样做。是的，作为人类，您可以对自己造成伤害，对人的身体造成伤害。

You could do harm to others, but not to the real part. Not to the real part ever. You can’t really hurt or destroy or harm the real part of you or anyone. Your fear of your power is quite silly because you could never really destroy the light.
您可以伤害他人，但不能是真正的您。永远不会伤害真正的您。您不能真正伤害、摧毁或对任何人的真实部分造成损害。您对权力的恐惧非常愚蠢，因为您永远无法真正摧毁光明。

You can never really destroy the Source, the real Creator within your own creation.
您永远无法真正摧毁源头，那在您创造物内的真正创世者。

It’s you. It’s all you. You’re expanding your awareness of what it means to be Creator within your own creation and to never, ever, ever fear your power because it is light, it is the Source, and all you have to do is allow it to be so. All you have to do is let it in.
这是您。一切都是您。您在扩大您对作为自己创造物中造物主的认知，永远、绝对、永不恐惧您的力量，因为它就是光，它是源泉，您所要做的只是让它如此。您所要做的只是让它进来。

But it cannot exist in the same place as worry, doubt, and separation. It cannot exist in the same place.
但是它不能与担忧、怀疑和分离存在于同一个地方。它不能在同一个地方存在。

Your capacity is not limited, but part of what you’re doing is expanding the channel and the vessel that is you in form to allow more of all that you are, which is All That Is, to flow through you while expressing yourself in the physical plane.
您的潜力并非有限，但您所做的事情中的一部分是扩展您形态中的通灵管道和载体，以使更多您所是的“一切存在”能够流经您，并在物质层面上表达自我。

If you think of yourself as a container, if you think of yourself as a vessel or a channel, the more you will expand your field, the more you will expand that channel. The more you expand that field, the more light and power you will allow through you.
如果您将自己视为一个容器，如果您将自己看作是一个载体或通灵管道，那么您拓展这个领域越多，这个通灵管道也会越广阔。您拓展这个领域的程度越高，就会允许更多的光和力量通过您。

Could you ever be afraid of the light? No, you’re not afraid of light, so don’t be afraid of your power because all it is, is light. All it is, is energy. All it is, is energy.
您能害怕光明吗？不，您并不害怕光明，所以不要害怕您的力量，因为那不过就是光。不过就是能量。不过就是能量。

The perception or the misuse or the manipulation of power in the physical experience is nothing but the misunderstanding of what you really are and how power really works. When you get this, oh, it all changes!
对物理体验中权力感知或滥用或操纵的认识，不过是误解了您的真正本质以及权力的真实运作方式。当您领悟到这一点时，哦，一切都改变了！

You begin to really, really, really allow the light and the energy that you are to serve you, to serve through you.
您真正地、真的、真的很让光明和能量为您服务，通过您去服务。

There’s nowhere else to be than in the moment because it’s all here, in this force field, in this moment, and you begin to really play and really delight and really dance with all of creation.
没有其他地方可以去，只能活在当下，因为一切都在这里，在这股力量场中，在这一刻，您开始真正地玩耍、真正地快乐以及真正地与整个创造物共舞。

There’s nothing left to do but play and have fun here, to dance your dance, to have fun, to laugh. Really, there’s nothing else. There’s no more healing, fixing, processing, doing, forcing, manipulating, figuring it out. None of that.
此处已无事可做，唯有在此游玩取乐，跳舞歌唱，尽情欢笑。真的，别无他物。没有更多的疗愈、修复、处理、行动、强迫、操纵和寻找答案。皆无此等。

While it all serves, and while it all leads you back to you, you can transcend right here, right now, forevermore any need to move your creations down into density.
当这一切都发生，当它们将您带回自我，您就可以立即、永远超越任何将您的创造降入密度的需求。

You can realize the manifestation of your Heaven on Earth with everything, everything that you deeply desire to experience——Creator within your own creation.
您可以用一切来实现您在世间的天赐，一切您渴望体验的东西——您自身创造中的造物主。


There’s nothing left to do but play and have fun here, to dance your dance, to have fun, to laugh.
这里已经没有什么可做的了，只能玩耍和享受快乐，跳您的舞蹈，尽情娱乐，开怀大笑。


Sit with that. Feel that. Live from there, expand from there, express from there. Who are you? You are Heaven on Earth. Why are you here? For Heaven on Earth. What is your purpose? Heaven on Earth.
坐在那。感受那。从那里生活，从那里拓展，从那里表达。您是谁？您是人间的天堂。您为什么在这里？为了人间的天堂。您的目的是什么？人间的天堂。

We cannot say this enough. We can’t say it in enough ways. You are the New Earth. You’re here. You’re the New Earth. You are. You create the paradigm that exists within your Heaven on Earth. You create the body, the relationships, the ventures, the experiences.
我们无法说得够多。无论怎样说都不为过。您就是新地球。您在这里。您就是新地球。就是您。您创造了存在于您人间天堂中的范式。您创造了身体、关系、事业和经历。

Create them in Heaven on Earth with all those divine playmates that are also in Heaven on Earth with you.
在天庭的地上与他们创造，那些也在天庭的地上与您同在的神圣玩伴。

You may move in and out of each other’s Heavens on Earth here and there, and there’ll be times when many of you come together, all in your own experiences of Heaven on Earth, and together you expand Heaven on Earth.
你们可能在这里或那里互相穿梭于人间天堂，有时很多人会聚在一起，各自体验人间天堂，共同拓展人间天堂。

Can you imagine one or two or three Heavens coming together? Imagine just for a moment.
您能想象一两个或三个天堂聚在一起吗？想象一下，仅仅是一瞬间。

What if all of the planets, all of the places in the universe that have Heavens, really beautiful ones, came together for a combined experience of the highest Heavens in all of the universes and you got to experience them in form——you got to experience them as Heaven on Earth?
假设所有行星，宇宙中所有拥有天堂的地方，那些真正美丽的，都聚集在一起，体验宇宙中最高的天堂——您能以形式体验它们——您能像在地球上那样体验到天堂？

Think about it. You get to start merging all sorts of experiences of Heaven on Earth to expand yourself, to express yourself, to have new experiences, to live even more fully, and to love yourself even more. You can fulfill the divine plan through the expansion of Heaven on Earth.
思考一下吧。您可以开始将天上的种种体验融入生活，以扩展自我、表达自我、获得新体验、更加充实的生活以及更爱自己。您可以通过拓展人间天堂来实现神圣的蓝图。

You can fulfill your destiny through the expansion of Heaven on Earth.
您可通过拓展人间的天堂来实现您的命运。

Some of you are really getting this. Some of you are really feeling it.
一些人真的懂了。一些人真的感同身受。

If you think of the explanation of anybody’s vision of Heaven on Earth, it’s light, beautiful, free, and fun. All those there are in peace and joy, living lovingly and harmoniously and creating and playing and having fun and dancing and singing and laughing.
如果您想到任何人对人间天堂的解释，那它将是光明、美丽、自由和有趣的。那里的人生活在和平与欢乐之中，充满爱意和谐相处，创造、玩耍、享受乐趣、跳舞、唱歌和欢笑。

You know what it’s like, even if you’ve never quite experienced it in form——yet. That seed was planted in your heart when you focused yourself into form. You placed that seed within you as you focused yourself into form.
您知道那种感觉，即使您从未真正以形式体验过——但尚未。当您全神贯注地进入形态时，那颗种子便在您心中播下。正如您全神贯注地进入形态时，您将那颗种子置于自身之中。

That’s why you know what it looks like. That’s why you know what the vision is, and that’s why you’re here, and that’s why you’re remembering now. But your human self isn’t going to figure it out. Your human self can’t do it. Your human self can only allow it.
这就是您为什么知道它看起来像什么。这就是您知道这愿景是什么，这就是您为什么会在这里，这就是您现在会记得的原因。但您的人类自我无法解决这个问题。您的人类自我做不到。您的人类自我只能让它发生。

It’s not about training your human self, and it’s not about untraining your human self. It’s not about your human self really doing anything except allowing it to be done through you, being done through the physical form, but not through any doing from the human.
它不是关于训练您的人类自我，也不是关于取消训练您的人类自我。实际上，它不是关于您的人类自我真正做任何事情，而是允许它通过您来完成，通过物理形式来完成，但并非通过人类的行为。

Your human self will never figure it out.
您的人类自我永远不会明白。

Oh, we love your human forms so much. We do. We love your humans. You are expressing in these beautiful, beautiful personalities and bodies and expressions of form. But it’s time to really let the God that you are express itself fully in this physical plane that you call life.
哦，我们非常爱您的人类形态。我们是真的。我们爱你们的人类。你们在这些美丽、美丽的个性和身体以及形式表达中展示自己。但现在是真正让那个您内在的神在你们称之为生活的这个物理平面上完全表达自己的时候了。


You can fulfill your destiny through the expansion of Heaven on Earth. It’s time to let the God that you are express itself fully in this physical plane that you call life.
您能通过地球上天的扩张来实现您的命运。是时候让您所是的神在此您称之为生命的物质平面上充分表达自己了。


Your consciousness moves energy into form. You don’t have to figure out what we mean. Your human doesn’t have to figure it out, and in fact, they can’t figure it out. It’s your consciousness. It’s your awareness.
您的意识将能量转化为形态。您无需弄懂我们的意思。您的人类不需要弄懂，实际上他们也无法弄懂。这是您的意识。这是您的觉知。

As you expand it——not figure it out, expand it, not try to do it, expand it——it moves energy into form, which means you have so much energy.
当您拓展它——不是找出它，拓展它，而不是尝试去做，拓展它——它将能量转化为形态，这意味着您拥有如此多的能量。

What does the energy do? It does everything. It does the thing that does everything, and it moves into form. Your consciousness and your awareness move energy, light, and power into form, which is manifestation, which is creation. That’s the formula. That’s the magic formula. That’s the secret.
什么能量能做？它能做所有的事情。它做的是一切事情，并且进入形态。您的意识和意识将能量、光线和力量转化为形态，这就是显化，就是创造。这就是公式。这是魔法公式。这是秘密。

That’s the code. That’s it. That’s the answer to your question right there, to every question.
这是代码。就这样。这就是您问题的答案，就是所有问题的答案。

Consciousness moves energy into form. Consciousness and awareness move energy, move light into form, into creation, into manifestation. That’s it. Nowhere does it say you have to dip down into lack or separation or struggle or sacrifice to move energy into form.
意识将能量转化为形态。意识和觉察力推动能量，将光明转化为形态，化为创造，成为显现。仅此而已。并未说您必须陷入缺乏、分离、斗争或牺牲才能将能量转化为形态。

Consciousness moves energy into form. Consciousness, not specificness, not demanding, not even praying. Consciousness moves energy into form.
意识将能量转化为形态。意识，非具体性，非要求，甚至非祈祷。意识将能量转化为形态。

All we’re doing here while we’re entertaining your magnificent brains is expanding the consciousness and expanding the awareness, which is what is moving the light and the energy into form. What is the form? Your creations, your manifestations, your destiny, the divine plan.
我们在逗乐您卓越的大脑的同时，所做的仅仅是在扩展意识，在提高觉悟，这是推动光明和能量形成形态的原因。什么是形态？是您的创造，您的显现，您的命运，神明的计划。

It’s moving it all into form. It’s moving energy and light into the creation of Heaven on Earth. There’s nothing to do. There’s nothing to figure out. You don’t need any answers. Consciousness and awareness move energy and light into form, into creation, into manifestation. And so it is.
将它全部转化为形态。将能量和光明转化为地上天国的创造。无所事事，无需探寻，您不需要任何答案。意识与觉知将能量和光明转化为形态、创造和显现。如此而已。

We want to say one more thing about this because many of you still think that the purpose of all of this is to attract your soulmate or to win the lottery or to reverse aging in the physical body. It’s not the purpose of any of this, although all of those things can happen.
我们还想就这件事说最后一句话，因为你们中许多人仍然认为所有这些的目的就是为了吸引您的灵魂伴侣，或者是赢得彩票，或者逆转身体的衰老。但这并不是这一切的目的，尽管那些事情都可能发生。

It’s your expectation of them, the specific focus on them, that causes the resistance and the reaction, which limits the amount of energy that can move into form. When you understand that, you understand why certain things that you have wanted didn’t happen.
这是您对他们（的期望），对他们的具体关注，导致抵抗力与反应的产生，限制了能转化为形态的能量量。当您理解这一点时，您就明白了为什么您想要的一些事情没有发生。

Your expectation, your specificness of it, created the resistance and the reaction of it not being present, which created the sensation of lack and separation, which limited the amount of energy and light, which cut it off from moving into form, which constricted the experience of form.
您的期望，您对它的具体性，创造了抵抗和它不存在时的反应，这产生了缺乏感和分离感，从而限制了能量的量和光明，切断了它进入形态的可能，并束缚了形态体验。

Your destiny is not one person. Your destiny is not one experience. Your destiny is not winning the lottery on a particular date. That’s not your destiny. It might happen.
您的命运不是一个人，您的命运不是一次经历，您的命运不是在特定日期中彩票中奖。那不是您的命运。可能会发生。

Many of you will feel your relationships becoming more harmonious and easier and graceful and joyful, and you’ll also notice that you’re attracting people into your life who feel much more like-minded and aligned. You will feel that they are your soul family.
许多人会感受到自己的关系变得更加和谐、简单、优雅和快乐，您们还会注意到您在生活中吸引了一些和您思想非常相关、对齐的人。您会觉得他们是您的灵魂家族。

You will feel a sense of destiny in your meetings, but your destiny is not just one person that you meet on one date. Your destiny is not just one day when a huge windfall of money lands in your lap. That’s not your destiny.
您会在您的会面中感受到一种命运感，但您的命运并非仅仅是您在一个约会中所遇见的那一个人。您的命运也不仅仅是有一天大量财富意外降临在您身上的那一天。那不是您的命运。

Your destiny is not one thing you discover that creates a scientific advancement or a reversal in aging or a technological discovery. It’s not that.
您的命运不是发现某件事物从而创造科学进步、逆转衰老或科技发明，它不是那样的。

Your destiny is that in every moment you’re open and allowing and letting it flow, and in every moment you feel and know that you’re living your destiny. It’s the perfect allowing. Your destiny is for your human self to just allow it all in. That’s your destiny.
您的命运就是在每一个瞬间都敞开、允许并让它自然流淌，在每一个时刻您感受到并且知道您在活出自己的命运。这是完美的允许。您的命运是为您的人类自我允许一切的到来。这就是您的命运。

The specifics and expectations don’t matter.
具体的细节和期望并不重要。

You’re getting this. You’re feeling this. You’re stepping into Heaven on Earth. Then you think, Well, I’m in Heaven on Earth. I think I should win the lottery, right? If I’m in Heaven on Earth, my soulmate must be here. If I’m in Heaven on Earth, I must be able to reverse my aging.
您感受到了。您在体验这感觉。您正踏入人间天堂。然后您想，嗯，我就在人间天堂。我觉得我应该中彩票，对吧？如果我在人间天堂，我的灵魂伴侣必定在这里。如果我在人间天堂，我必须能够逆转衰老。

If I’m in Heaven on Earth, I must be losing weight, right?
如果我在人间天堂，我一定是在减肥吧？

And it’s all fine and good. Yes, as you fully allow energy to move into form, you will have miraculous and magical experiences. But destiny is the flow. Destiny is the allowing. Destiny is all of your experiences being magical. Destiny is you living an extraordinary life experience.
并且一切都很顺利。是的，当您完全允许能量进入形式时，您将会有神奇和魔幻的经历。但命运是流动。命运是允许。命运是您所有经历都变得神奇。命运是您活出一个非凡的生活体验。

That’s destiny. That’s the divine plan you created for your life. And you did create it, we assure you.
这是命运。这是您为生活创造的 divine plan。我们向您保证，您确实创造了它。


Destiny is all of your experiences being magical. Destiny is living an extraordinary life experience.
命运是您所有经历的神奇。命运是过着非凡的生活体验。

Take a breath, breathe it in, and let it go. Take another breath, breathe it in, and let it go. Take one more deep breath, breathe it in, and let it go.
深呼吸，吸气，然后呼出。再吸一口气，吸气，然后呼出。再深吸一口，吸气，然后呼出。

Consciousness is what moves energy into form. Your awareness moves light into form. Your consciousness moves your energy and your light into Heaven on Earth.
意识是能量转化为形态的驱动力。您的意识将光线转化为形态。您的意识驱动着您的能量和光明进入人间天堂。

Stay here in this consciousness, in this vibration, in this feeling, in this level of awareness. Perceive from here. Let your perspective come from here. Be here now. And so it is.
留在此意识中，在这份振动中，在这份感觉中，在这个意识的层面上。从这里感知。让您的视角由此而来。现在就身处这里。如此而已。

We love you so very much. We assure you something magical just happened. You just experienced your destiny. That’s the greatest magic of all. You are, we assure you, the most beautiful thing you ever create. Creator within your own creation. Master of your life experience.
我们非常爱您。我们向您保证，一件神奇的事情刚刚发生了。您刚刚体验到了您的命运。这是世间最大的魔法。我们向您保证，您是您创造过的最美丽的事物。在您的创造中，您就是创造者。是您生活经历的 mastery.

The I Am That I Am Presence of All That Is. That is you. That is you, and that is why we are here for you. And so it is.
我是我所是，万有之在。那就是您。那也是您，这就是我们为您而来的原因。因此如此。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES关键信息

You have a clean slate now to never again experience the delay or the gap between you and your highest potential. It’s better than you can imagine. It’s better than you can ask for. This is our favorite part: you’re never going to figure it out.
您现在拥有一片干净的画布，永远不会再体验延迟或与您最高潜能之间的差距。这比您想象的要好。这比您所要求的还要好。这是我们最喜欢的一部分：您永远不会弄明白。

There’s other consciousness, there are other experiences, but there’s nowhere that you are not because you are the light of the world.
存在其他的意识，有其他的人生经历，但没有任何一个地方不属于您，因为您就是世界的光明。

You are All That Is and all that will ever be. You are the highest good. You are the grandest potential. You are the greatest possibility. You are the most beautiful, magical, magnificent thing that you will ever create. You are the Source. You are the Divine. You are God. You are all of it.
您是一切存在和将永远存在的。您是至善的。您是最大的潜能。您是最大的可能性。您是您会创造的最美、最神奇、最宏伟的事物。您是源泉。您是神圣的。您是神。您是所有这一切。

At this point, there’s no way you could miss out on your destiny because of the level of awareness and consciousness that you are living in.
在这一点上，由于您所处的意识和觉知水平，您不可能错过您的命运。

As you start perceiving beyond the limitations of the physical senses, you start expanding your potential. You start expanding your possibilities. You allow a whole new reality to emerge through your perception of something beyond.
当您开始超越生理感官的限制去感知，您便开始了潜能的拓展。您开始拓宽您的可能性。您通过对外在事物的感知，让全新的现实浮现出来。

Destiny is the flow. Destiny is the allowing. Destiny is all your experiences being magical. Destiny is you living an extraordinary life experience.
命运是流动。命运是允许。命运是您所有经历的神奇。命运是您过着非凡的生活体验。



CHAPTER 7 AWAKEN WITHIN THE DREAM在梦中觉醒

In this chapter, The Council challenges the human perception of what is real, helps lay the foundation for new paradigms, and invites you to live a life of pure magic.
在这一章中，Council挑战人类的真实感知，为新范式奠定基础，并邀请您过上纯净魔幻的生活。

We are so pleased and delighted to be here with each and every one of you in this time, in this place, in this sacred energy of All That Is, as you allow yourself to fully know yourself as the Source of All That Is——expressing yourself in the world for the fulfillment, enjoyment, and pure delight of your soul.
我们非常高兴和愉快地与在场的每一位您相聚在这个时刻、这个地点，在这所有存在神圣能量的场所，当您让自己充分了解自己作为一切存在的源头——在世界中表达自我以实现、享受和纯粹的快乐的灵魂。

 We assure you that you are here to delight in this human experience and all that is here for you. Aren’t you starting to notice the pure magic that presents itself to you every day? It just gets better. It just expands. There’s just more. We assure you.
我们向您保证，您在这里是为了享受这种人类体验和这里为您所提供的一切。您是否开始注意到每天呈现在您面前的纯粹魔法？它只会变得更好。它只会扩张。更多东西在等着您。我们向您保证。

Your lives are an expression of pure magic. You are the expression of pure magic in the world. We assure you, every day, every day is a new opportunity to allow yourself to live in the miraculous and magical world that is here for you.
你们的生活是纯净魔法的表达。你们是世界中纯净魔法的体现。我们向你们保证，每一天，每一天都是一个新的机会，让你们生活在只为你们而存在的奇迹和魔法世界中。

Heaven on Earth is becoming more real every day for each and every one of you, and in experiencing your own Heaven on Earth in your life you are bringing forth a new world, a New Earth, a better and more miraculous experience for any and all of those who are ready. And many are ready.
人间天堂正变得越来越真实，对你们中的每一个人来说都是如此，在经历你们自己的人间天堂的过程中，你们正在创造一个新的世界，一个新地球，为所有准备好的人们带来更好的和更神奇的体验。很多人已经准备好了。

You are going to see the Great Awakening expand like never before. You’re going to see people in your families whom you never thought would fully awaken become conscious and aware of All That Is in a way that may surprise and delight you.
您将见证大觉醒以前所未有的速度扩张。您会发现，在您家庭中那些您从未想过会完全觉悟的人变得清醒并意识到所有一切，这可能会让您感到惊讶和高兴。

You’re going to see your family members, your friends, your co-workers, and your communities begin to awaken like never before to the power within, to the more that is going on here, to the divine plan that is expressing itself through you all.
您将看到您的家人、朋友、同事和社区像以往从未有过的那样开始觉醒，意识到内在的力量、这里所发生的一切更多内容，以及通过你们所有人表达出的神圣计划。

That is indeed why you have gone through your own miraculous transformation in the past 10 years.
这确实是您过去十年经历自己神奇转变的原因。

Haven’t you seen it really expedited in the past year? Aren’t you really starting to see the quickening in your own life as the energy opens?
您难道没在过去一年里真的看到它加速了吗？您不觉得自己生活中也渐渐开始变快了，因为能量正在开启吗？

As your awareness opens, as you allow yourself to receive, you are literally taking a quantum leap into an opportunity to live in Heaven on Earth that has never been present like it is right here, right now, because of the collective consciousness that all of you have reached, because of the vibration that you’re able to maintain for long periods of time, and because of the level of awareness that you are existing in.
随着您的意识开启，当您允许自己接受时，您实际上正踏上一跃入一种从未如此存在的在世天堂的机会，那就是因为你们所有人共同达到的集体意识，是因为你们能够维持很长时间的振动频率，以及因为你们存在的意识水平。

You are the existence of the Source itself in form. You are the very existence of All That Is here and now expressing yourself in the world.
您是源头本身的形式存在。您就是此处此刻所有存在的本质，在世界中展现自己。

We will say you are needed more than ever before but not to fix the broken world, not to save others, not to drag them all to the finish line because you know the way or think you know the way.
我们将说您比以往任何时候都更需要，但不是为了修复破碎的世界，不是为了拯救他人，也不是为了将他们全部拖到终点线，因为您知道道路或者您认为您知道道路。

Let them walk their path just as you have, and let the magic and the miracles present themselves to them just as they have for you. Let them be guided and supported and assisted along the way just as you were and just as you are every step of the way.
让他们按照自己的道路前行，就像您曾经走过的一样，让魔法和奇迹如同对您所发生的那样向他们显现。让他们在旅途中得到引导、支持和帮助，正如您所得到的，也像您在每一步都得到的。

Do not become the Source for others. Rather, stand in your power, the Source of All That Is that is you here and now.
不要成为他人的来源。相反，站在您自己的力量中，那就是您现在的全部存在之源泉。

Shine your light brighter than you ever have before because you know who you are, you know how important you are, and you know that this is the time that you have been preparing for.
让您的光芒比以往任何时候都更亮，因为您知道自己是谁，您知道自己的重要性，您也知道这是您一直在准备的时刻。

This is why you’re here, this is why you came, and this is why we say this is the best thing going on anywhere because indeed it is, here and now. You are part of it, and you are the expression of the divine plan in form.
这就是您在这里的原因，这就是您来的原因，这也是我们说这是任何地方正在发生最好的事情的原因，因为确实如此，就在这里和现在。您是其中的一部分，您是对神圣计划形式的体现。


Do not become the Source for others; stand in your power and shine your light brighter than ever before.
不要成为他人的来源；站在您的力量中，让您的光芒比以往任何时候都更亮。


We have said it is time for you to awaken from the dream within the dream.
我们说，是您从梦中的梦中醒来的时刻了。

Just as you awaken every morning and begin to move into the physical life experience and out of the dreamworld, let yourself move out of the physical life experience and into the dreamworld just as easily——with no resistance, with no hesitation, with no fear——because which is the real dream?
正如您每天早上醒来，开始从梦境进入现实生活体验，同样轻松地让自己从现实生活体验中走出，进入梦境——毫无抵触，毫无犹豫，毫无恐惧——因为哪个才是真正的梦境？

Which part of it is real?
哪个部分是真实的？

Think about it. When you are asleep at night, you are having experiences. You are expressing yourself. You are having interactions. You are moving through events and experiences and form that is much more fluid. It’s a much more fluid experience of form. You can move in and out of things.
思考一下。当您在夜晚入睡时，您仍然在经历体验。您在表达自己。您在互动。您在穿越事件和体验，形式要流动得多。这是一种更加流畅的形式体验。您可以进进出出各种事物。

You see things. You experience things. You get information. You get messages. You play things out. So, is that the dream? Or is this the dream? You move into this experience, and it’s a little more dense. It appears as if things are solid and a little less fluid.
您看到事物。您经历事物。您获取信息。您接收消息。您演绎事情。那么，这是梦吗？还是这同样是梦？您进入这个体验，它似乎更加密集。事物看起来像是坚固的，少了一些流动感。

It appears as if they’re a little more real, but are they? Are they really?
它看起来似乎更真实一些，但真的是这样吗？难道真的是这样？

Whatever you think is going on here in this human experience, whatever you think is missing, whatever you think isn’t here yet, we assure you that you wouldn’t even have the awareness of wondering why it’s not in physical form if it wasn’t already in your field. We assure you——it is.
无论您在这个人类体验中认为发生了什么，无论您认为缺少了什么，无论您认为还没有出现什么，我们向您保证——如果它已经不在您的领域中，您甚至不会有疑惑为什么它没有以物理形态存在的意识。我们向您保证——它确实在。

Could it be just as fulfilling to experience the full manifestation and creation and realization of everything you could ever want and more in what you might call a dream space, or is it really, really important to you that it take physical form for you to consider it real?
可能在您所称呼的“梦境空间”中，经历您所渴望的一切以及更多，包括完整的展现、创造和实现，会同样充满满足感吗？或者对您而言，它真的非常、非常重要，只有以物质形式呈现，您才会认为它是真实的？

Which part is real? It’s all really just a dream. It’s all an opportunity for you to awaken within the dream and live as the Creator of your life experience in all dimensions of consciousness that you exist in, at all times. We assure you, you do exist in many dimensions of consciousness.
哪些是真的？这一切都只是个梦。这全都是您醒悟于梦境中的机会，在任何您存在的意识维度里，作为您生命体验的创造者生活。我们向您保证，您在很多意识维度中确实存在。

However, you’re focused on the human experience. There’s so much for you in that experience, yes, but many of you are asking for more. What is my real potential? What is my highest potential? What is really, really possible?
然而，您关注的是人类体验。在那个体验中，有太多东西对您来说很重要，是的，但很多人都在寻求更多。我的真正潜力是什么？我最高的潜力是什么？什么是真的、真的可能的？

The most important answer we can give you at this time is for you to awaken from the dream where there is suffering. Awaken from the dream——or the nightmare, you might call it——where there is suffering, where there is struggle, where there is death, where there is pain, where there is worry.
最重要的回答是我们现在能给您的，就是让您从苦难的梦中醒来。醒来吧——或者您可能称之为噩梦——那里的有苦难，有挣扎，有死亡，有痛苦，有关心。

All of that is just a playing out in a dream state of a deep subconscious story that you have about what this human experience is really about.
所有这些只是在关于人类真正体验的深刻潜意识故事中的一种梦境状态的表现。

You are indeed entering into another significant phase of the Great Awakening. You have been preparing for this all your life, but most specifically in the past 10 years or so.
您确实正在进入大觉醒的另一个重要阶段。您为这一刻准备了一生，但尤其是过去大约十年左右的时间。

As we have said, you are noticing a quickening of your own awakening, ascension, or expansion into living in higher dimensions of consciousness and awareness, which is possible through your elevated frequency and vibration——and being able to maintain it for longer periods of time.
正如我们所言，您正感受到自己觉醒、提升或扩展到更高维度的意识与觉知的速度正在加快，这是通过提高您的频率和振动实现的——并且能够持续更长时间。

There was a reason for all of it. Of course you have a choice. Of course you have free will. Of course you have the ability to go left or right at any moment.
所有这一切都有原因。当然，您有选择权。当然，您拥有自由意志。当然，您随时都可以左转或右转。

But as we have said, while you maintain free will in this human experience (and you always have, and you always will), when you live so aligned with your truth, with your soul, with your spirit, with your purpose, certain moments that present themselves to you are just choiceless.
但正如我们所说的，尽管在这个人类体验中您保持着自由意志（而您始终如此，并且永远都会如此），当您与您的真相、灵魂、灵性以及目的如此一致地生活时，某些呈现给您的时刻就变得无选择可言。

Now, we would agree they are choiceful, meaning there’s no scarcity or lack. You’re just so certain and so clear and so confident, but you’re also so certain and so clear and so confident that you don’t need to manipulate it or control it or push it or make it happen or force it.
现在，我们都会同意他们是可选择的，这意味着没有稀缺或缺乏。您如此确定、清晰和自信，但您也如此确定、清晰和自信，以至于您不需要操纵它、控制它、推动它或使其发生或者强迫它。

You can allow it, and you can allow the moment where it’s so clear to you that you have already sort of made the choice before you even have to make the choice. That is part of allowing energy to serve you.
您可以允许它，您也可以允许那种对您来说如此清晰的时刻，在您甚至不得不做出选择之前，您已经做出了某种选择。这是让能量为您服务的部分。

You have a potential or possibility that presents itself to you, and before long you’re already down the path that has lit up for you. You just followed the energy, and there was never really a moment of making any sort of difficult choice.
您有一份展现给您的潜力和可能性，不久后您就已经走上了为您点亮的道路。您只是跟随了能量，根本没有真正作出任何困难选择的时刻。

There was no trauma, there was no drama, there was no suffering, and there was no struggle because you never had to drag it down into limitation in order to move forward on your path with a knowing of what was in your highest and best good.
没有创伤，没有戏剧，没有苦难，也没有挣扎，因为您从未需要将其拖入局限之中，以便在您对自身最高和最佳利益的认知中前进。


When you are allowing energy to serve you, things become so clear that you never have to make any difficult choices.
当您让能量为您服务时，事情会变得如此清晰，您永远不必做出任何艰难的选择。


For much of your life you have sifted through different things to try to figure out what was right for you or what felt aligned with you, but oftentimes you had to move into struggle or suffering or density to get clear on what you really wanted.
对于您生活中的大部分时间，您都通过筛选不同的东西来试图弄清楚什么适合您自己或与您感觉相契合，但很多时候您必须经历挣扎、苦难或密集的情感才能明确自己真正想要的是什么。

You can transcend that experience in form here, now, forevermore, if it is your choosing. But the important piece of that is to understand the role that energy plays.
您可以选择在这里、现在、永远超越那个经验，但重要的是要理解能量在其中扮演的角色。

You can use the word energy, or you can use the word light. Either way, start really being aware that, in opening and allowing energy, the path lights up for you, and you know this with certainty because you’re already moving in that direction. You’re staying in the flow and following the energy.
您可以使用“能量”这个词，或者使用“光”这个词。无论哪种方式，都要真正意识到，在开启和允许能量的过程中，道路为您照亮，您对此确信无疑，因为您已经朝着那个方向前进。您保持在流动中，跟随能量。

Then there are not many times when you have to make a big decision, because the energy shows you the way, and you just allow it to flow because you are open, you are allowing and receiving. And what do we say about receiving? What is it that you are receiving? Energy. Everything is energy.
然后，您不必经常做出重大决定，因为能量会指引您的路，而您只是让它流动，因为您很开放，您在允许和接收。那么我们是怎么说接收的呢？您接收了什么？能量。一切皆能量。

What do you want to receive? What do you want? I want a loved one. I want a soulmate. I want someone to experience life with. They are energy. That’s what they are. The essence of what they are is energy. You want their energy in your life. You want the energy that flows through them in your life.
您想要得到什么？您想要什么？我想要一个爱人。我想要一个灵魂伴侣。我想要有人和我一起经历生活。他们是能量。这就是他们。他们的本质就是能量。您想要他们的能量融入您的生活。您想要那些通过他们流淌在生活中的能量。

You want how energy expresses itself through them in your life. That’s why you want a particular person or a partner or a playmate.
您想要了解如何在您的生活中通过他们来表达能量。这就是为什么您想有一个特别的人或者伴侣或玩伴。

If you want money . . . we’ve said all along, money is energy. It’s just energy. You’ve just created money as a form to barter your energy. That’s what it is. It’s a form. It’s energy that takes form to barter or exchange for more energy or for the balance of energy. It’s energy.
如果您想要金钱……我们一直都在说，金钱是能量。它只是能量。您仅仅创造了金钱这种形式来交换您的能量。这就是它。它是一种形式。这是为了交换或平衡更多能量的能量。它是能量。

And if you want healing, if you want better health, if you want well-being, it comes from energy. It comes from opening and allowing energy. Energy does it all.
并且如果您想要治愈，如果您想要更健康的身体，如果您想要幸福，那都来自于能量。它来自于开启和允许能量的流动。能量能完成一切。

When we say open and allow and receive all that is here for you, you’re receiving the energy. If you are not overly specific and so attached to what form it takes (because you already know that the creation has occurred), maybe it’s in more of a liquid form, like a dream space.
当我们说开放和允许并接收这里为您准备的一切时，您正在接收能量。如果您不过分具体且过于执着于它的形式（因为您已经知道创造已经发生），或许它更像是液态的形式，像是一个梦境空间。

If you start experiencing it there, then you will live in such total integrity with energy, in such alignment to the flow, that you will transcend your entire human experience out of the lower-level, denser emotions, and you will live in a life experience as if it is a dream because there will be no struggle.
如果您在那里开始体验它，那么您将与能量达到如此完整的完整性，与流动保持如此一致，以至于您将超越整个人类经历，摆脱低级、密集的情感，您的生活体验将如同梦境一般，因为那时不会有任何挣扎。

Your dreams are magical. Your dreams are beautiful. They are brighter than ever before. They are more vivid. They are more fluid, more magical. That’s what your life experiences can be.
您的梦想是神奇的。您的梦想是美丽的。它们比以往任何时候都更加明亮。它们更生动，更流畅，更神奇。这就是您的人生体验可以成为的样子。

As you allow that, you will find yourself living in an experience of Heaven on Earth that you always knew was your highest potential.
随着您允许那（发生），您会发现自己在经历着天堂般的生活，这正是您一直知道的是您的最高潜能。

It’s important that this is coming up. It’s important that we’re talking about it.
这对我们来说很重要。讨论这一点也同样重要。

It’s important that you begin to transcend suffering because, as we have said, when you put suffering out of your human experience, you seed human consciousness with the potential to put suffering out of the entire human collective experience.
重要的是您开始超越痛苦，因为正如我们所说，当您将痛苦从人类经验中排除出去时，您在人类意识中播下了能够将痛苦从整个人类集体经验中排除的潜力。

When you put fear out of your experience, you just might make it possible for it to be transcended in the entire human experience. That’s why you’re the wayshowers. That’s why you’re the trailblazers. That’s why you’re the pioneers. That’s why you’re on the leading edge.
当您将恐惧从您的经历中排除出去时，您或许就能使它在整个人类经验中被超越。这就是您成为引领者、开拓者、先驱者的原因。这也是您站在前列的原因。

You are setting the vision into motion. You are laying the groundwork. You are creating new paradigms.
您正在将愿景付诸行动。您正在奠定基础。您正在创造新的范式。

Don’t you want those new paradigms to be of the highest potential? Don’t you want them to be pure and impeccable and beautiful and magical? You don’t want these new paradigms to be latent with fear and struggle and suffering and worry, do you? That would just be the old paradigm.
您希望这些新的范式具有最高的潜力，对吗？您希望它们纯洁无瑕、美丽神奇，不是吗？您不希望这些新范式潜藏着恐惧、挣扎、痛苦和忧虑，对吧？那样的话，就只是老范式了。

This is not about changing the old paradigm. It’s about creating new ones. This is not about creating some better way to wade through the river. It is about building a bridge to a better way, to a potential beyond suffering and struggle and fear and the experience of limitation.
这并非关于改变旧范式，而是创造新的。这不是关于创建一些更好的方法去渡过河流，而是构建一座通往更好方式、通往超越苦难、挣扎、恐惧和局限体验的潜能之桥。

You are the existence of the Source in physical form. You are the existence of God in form, expressing yourself as form. You are in form, and a grander part of you is not in any way limited to this form.
您是源头的物理形态存在。您是以形态存在的神的存在，通过形态表达自我。您存在于形态之中，而您的更大一部分并非以任何方式受限于这种形态。

When your human self understands that it is what creates limitation, then you can realize the work that you do as humans, the real difficult work, is holding yourself in the limitation that you yourself have created. You hold yourself in the limitation that you created for yourself.
当您的人类自我明白限制是由自己创造的时，您就能体会到您所做的人类工作，真正的难关所在于承担您自己所创造的限制。您把自己绑系在您为自己设定的限制中。

That’s the density. That’s the struggle. That’s what takes a lot of work and effort. That’s what’s heavy. That’s what breaks down the human body. That’s what shuts you down from being open and allowing your energy to serve you in its highest form.
那是密度。那是挣扎。那需要大量工作和努力。那很沉重。那是摧毁人类身体的东西。那是让您关闭，不再开放，让能量以最高形式为您服务的东西。

As you begin to be aware of the Great Awakening that is moving into the next phase, and you start noticing that many others are beginning to awaken around you, turn your light on really bright. Don’t try to fix them. Don’t try to save them.
当您开始意识到即将进入下一阶段的伟大觉醒，并开始注意到周围许多人也开始觉醒时，请将您的光明调至最亮。不要试图去修复他们。不要试图去拯救他们。

That’s when it’s most important for you to step fully into opening and allowing and receiving and living in your own experience of Heaven on Earth.
那时，您完全进入敞开、允许、接收和生活在自己尘世天堂体验中最重要。

You will notice that it is so much easier for them to find their way into higher dimensions of consciousness just by being in your presence when you are in higher states of consciousness yourself.
您会发现，当您自己处于更高意识状态时，他们仅仅通过您的陪伴就能更容易地进入更高维度的意识空间。

You will not only begin to see magic presenting itself to you in ways it never has before, but you will also see magic going on in the world around you in a way that you never have before.
您不仅会开始以从未有过的形式看到魔法呈现给您，而且您还会以前所未有的方式看到周围的世界中存在着魔法。

Living a miraculous life is not doing the impossible. Magical thinking is not trying to do the impossible. It’s redefining what is possible for you. Only you can define through your own perception how you view life. Only you can define what’s possible for you.
生活奇迹并非做不可能之事。魔幻的思考并非试图做不可能之事。它意味着重新定义对您而言什么是可能的。只有您能通过自己的感知来界定您如何看待生活。只有您能界定对您而言什么是可能的。

Only you can really define what your highest potential is, what the highest possibility is for you.
只有您才能真正定义您的最高潜能是什么，对您而言最高的可能性是什么。

When you can hold that space, when you can hold your consciousness and your awareness at that level, allowing energy to flow through you——opening, allowing, receiving——and not being attached or specific about the form, you will find yourself redefining possibility, oh, in a way that you never really h
当您能保持那个空间，当您能保持您的意识和觉知在那个层次上，让能量通过您流动——开启、允许、接收——并且不对形式有所执着或特定要求时，您会发现自己在重新定义可能性，哦，以一种您从未真正经历过的样子。

ave imagined yet. And yet, you imagining it is what will move it into form.
还没有想象过。然而，正是您对其的想象将它推动成形。


Magical, miraculous living is about redefining what is possible for you.
神奇而奇迹般的生活在于重新定义对您而言可能的事物。


But again we say, if you can enjoy the fluid form of creation, you will not limit the physical expression of energy in form because what you still think is what you want or need is based on limitation.
但是，我们再次说，如果您能享受创造的流畅形态，您就不会限制能量的物理形式表达，因为您还认为您想或需要的东西是基于局限性的。

You’re just scratching the surface of moving beyond your creations that come from lack and limitation.
您只是触及了超越来自缺乏和局限性的创作的皮毛。

You’re going to move quickly. Things are going to pick up. You’re going to feel quantum leaps forward. You’re going to witness shifts in your own life that happen with absolute ease and grace and that are truly magical.
您将会迅速行动。事情将会加快。您将感受到量子飞跃般的进步。您将见证在自己生活中发生，以绝对轻松和优雅方式实现，真正神奇的转变。

You will have no other explanation than that it was just pure magic because you were redefining possibility and not getting stuck in expectation or specificness in a way that would limit your creation.
您将不会有其他解释，除非它只是纯粹的魔法，因为您正在重新定义可能性，而没有陷入期望或具体性的限制中，这样的限制会阻碍您的创造。

Holding your consciousness and awareness at the highest level, opening and allowing energy, moves the grandest potential and possibility for you into form.
保持您的意识与觉知在最高水平，开启并允许能量流动，将最大的潜力和可能性为您转化为具体形态。

Any and all of this is only possible when you have an unwavering trust in the universe’s expression through you being of the highest good always, and an unwavering trust in yourself and in your own purity, in your own innocence, and in yourself as an impeccable Creator within your own creation.
任何这一切都只有在您对宇宙通过您表达的最高善始终不渝的信任中，对您自己的纯洁、您的无辜以及在您自己创造物内的无瑕创世者身份始终如一的信任时才成为可能。

All of that comes from an alignment to the I Am Creator frequency. Not the I am creating a healthier body and reversing aging frequency. Not an I am creating more money because I can’t pay this or that frequency.
所有这一切都源于与“我是创造者”频率的对齐。不是“我在创造一个更健康的身体并逆转衰老”的频率。也不是“我正在创造更多金钱因为我付不起这个或那个”的频率。


Not an I am healing this body because somethings wrong with it and this has been going on for a really long time frequency.
非一个因为我身体有问题，并且这种情况已经持续很长时间而我在疗愈这个身体的频率

Do you feel the difference?
您感觉到了差别吗？

We say that jokingly, of course, but that’s sort of why you think sometimes the universe isn’t responding to you with all of its power, with all of its glory, with all of its magnificence when you are the one trying to control a situation or putting such specific expectation on form that you limit y
我们这样开玩笑，当然，但这也许就是为什么有时候您认为宇宙没有用它的全部力量、全部荣耀、全部伟大来回应您，当您试图控制某种情况或对形式有如此具体的期望时，您就限制了您自己。

our own I Am Creator frequency. In doing that, you limit the amount of energy that flows through, so sometimes it doesn’t feel like the universe is aware of you, responding to you, or knows where you are and sees the shortest path from where you are to your absolute highest potential and the greatest expression of all that you are in form.
我们自己的我是创造者频率。在这样做的时候，您限制了通过的能量量，所以有时您会感觉到宇宙没有意识到您，没有回应您，或者不知道您在哪里，看不到从您现在所在的地方到您的绝对最高潜能以及您所有形态的最伟大表现的最近路径。

We go back to understanding the example of your force field, of you being the center of the universe. Not because it’s all about you and whatever you want, about you having more of this and more of that and having everything that you think you want and need from a limited human perspective.
我们回归到理解您的力场例子，您是宇宙的中心。不是因为一切都是关于您和您想要的任何东西，关于您拥有更多这样的东西和更多的那样的东西，以及从有限的人类视角中获得您认为想要和需要的所有东西。

That’s not what we mean when we say you’re the center of the universe. There’s not one of you that doesn’t have a deep desire to contribute and make this world a better place.
这并不是我们说您身处宇宙中心的意思。你们每一个人都有深刻的愿望去贡献并让这个世界变得更好。

There’s not one of you who doesn’t love and care and have deep compassion for others and for the animals and for the planet and for all existence in the universe. You truly do, or you wouldn’t be here.
没有一个人不爱和关心他人，对动物、地球以及宇宙中所有存在有着深深的同情。你们确实如此，否则你们不会在这里。

We know you do, and we want you to remember that you are a force field of light and energy and creation expressing itself in form. You, yourself, are a force field of creation.
我们知道您在做，我们希望您记住，您是一个光和能量以及创造的力场，在形态中展现自己。您自己就是一个创造力的力场。

You are a force field of creation expressing yourself in form, and the more you can allow yourself to be in the pure energy of the I Am Creator frequency, the more you will allow the future to come to you. You will allow miracles to present themselves to you.
您是创造力的防护场，在形态中表达自己，您越能让自己处于“我是造物主”频率的纯粹能量之中，您就越能让未来来到您的身边。您会允许奇迹向您呈现。

You will allow your life to be pure magic.
您将让您的生活变成纯粹的魔法。

We know that there are some specific desires that you have. We always say to you that if there’s something you really, really, really feel you need to experience in form, there’s nothing wrong with that.
我们知道您有一些具体的愿望。我们始终对您说，如果真的、真的很想体验某些事情，那完全没有问题。

It will serve you, and it will lead you to greater expansion and expression, and ultimately every experience you have will always lead you back to you.
它将为您服务，并将引领您走向更大的扩展和表达，最终您所经历的每一次体验都会让您回归自我。

You really can’t get it wrong. You really can’t get off the path. You really can’t miss out. However, oftentimes when you get those things, there’s a moment where you recognize the manifestation of it, but the moment it moves into form it starts to feel almost limited to you.
您真的不可能做错。您真的不能偏离道路。您真的不能错过。然而，很多时候当您得到那些东西时，会有一个瞬间您认识到它的表现，但一旦它转化为形态，它似乎开始对您产生限制感。

You are the one who said, I want it in form, and now you are the one who says, But now it feels limited because it is in form. Interesting, huh?
您是说“我要以形式呈现”，而现在您又说是“但现在感觉有限，因为它是有形式的”。有趣吧？

You can allow yourself to experience yourself as Creator within your own creation, even if the creation feels a bit like a fluid dream space or imagination. Let it be just as enjoyable there as it would be if it were in form.
您可以让自己在您的创造物中体验自己作为创造者的存在，即使这个创造感觉有点像流动的梦境空间或想象力。让它在那里同样有趣，就像它在形式中一样。

When it comes into form, allow it the same dreamlike fluidity of expression and you will close the gap. Your creations will not feel limiting or as if they have moved into some form of density in order for you to enjoy and experience the fullness of them.
当它成形时，赋予它同样的梦幻般的流畅表达，您将填补差距。您的创作不会感到受限或好像它们为了让您享受和体验它们的完整性而变成了某种密度形式。


Allow your creations to maintain a dreamlike fluidity in form, and you will enjoy them in their fullness without density or limitation.
让您的创造保持梦幻般的流畅形态，您将无拘无束地尽情享受它们。


We love you all so much, and we say this with love and absolute understanding, but you entangle yourself in a lot of expectation, agreements, contracts, and commitments that you make in your life.
我们非常爱你们所有人，我们用爱和绝对的理解说出这句话，但您在生活中纠缠于太多的期望、协议、合同和承诺。

You’ve made most of them never having really expected that you would get to this level of consciousness and awareness and freedom and energy and understanding of yourself as Creator. So you now have what you call responsibilities.
您已使他们中的大多数从未真正期待过您能达到这样的意识、觉悟和自由以及能量，对您作为创造者的理解。所以您现在有了您所称之为的责任。

As you continue to elevate your consciousness and awareness, as you continue to maintain higher frequencies and vibrations, allowing more and more light and energy through you, you’re going to expand at rapid rates into higher expression, higher experiences, more abundance, more joy, more peace, m
随着您不断提升意识和觉悟，维持更高频率和振动，让您的身体通过越来越多的光明与能量，您将迅速扩展到更高的表达、更高的体验、更多的富足、更多的喜悦、更多的和平。

ore harmony, more love, more openness.
矿石和谐，更多爱，更开放。

As you find yourself living in those places——which we would describe to you as your own Heaven on Earth——and as you start coming together and your Heaven on Earth begins to merge into an even more expanded experience, you might start feeling much more aware of limitation,
当您发现自己住在那些地方——我们可能会告诉您那是您人间天堂的地方——当您开始聚集在一起，您的人间天堂开始融合成一种更加扩展的经历时，您可能开始感到对局限性的意识更加强烈，

and some of the things you feel responsible for might start feeling like they’re limiting you. You’ll want to change those people or the circumstances or the agreement. You’ll want to go down into the layer where the form has taken place but now feels limiting.
一些您觉得需要为之负责的事物限制了您。您可能想要更换这些人、这些情况或这份协议。您可能想要深入到形式已经形成但现在感到限制的层次中。

We understand why that would be, but we also remind you that there is an easier, more effortless way. This is yet another example of you not needing to go down into lower, denser dimensions or lower, denser emotions to continue expanding your own experience of Heaven on Earth.
我们理解那会是什么原因，但同时也提醒您，有更简单、更不费力的方法。这又是您不必进入更低、更浓密的次元或更低、更浓密的情感来继续扩展在世间天堂般经验的另一个例子。

The simple answer to how you do this is, first off, to not entangle or judge yourself or anyone else. Your judgment will entangle you. Your judgment of yourself will entangle you. Your judgment of others will entangle you. Your judgment of situations and circumstances will entangle you.
简单的回答是，首先不要纠结或评判自己或他人。您的判断会束缚您。对自己的评判会束缚您。对别人的评判会束缚您。对情况和环境的评判会束缚您。

It’s okay when that happens. Just notice it.
发生这样的事没关系。只需注意即可。

The way you get yourself untangled is to move back into the moment, back into the present conscious moment, back to your awareness in this moment here and now, and align with a feeling of being totally satiated here and now, feeling into pure bliss, feeling into the magic of the moment, and then expanding from there.
您使自己摆脱困境的方式是回到当下，回到现在的意识时刻，回到此刻您的意识之中，并与现在此处完全满足的感觉对齐，感受纯粹的极乐，沉浸在当下的魔力中，然后从这里扩展出去。

Come back into the present moment. Go back into your heart. Come back into you. Come back into your force field instead of going out there and trying to hammer and chisel away at someone else’s force field to get them to do what you want so that you can have what you think you need.
回到当下。回归您的内心。回到您自己。回到您的力场，而不是出去试图锤击和雕刻他人的力场，以使他们做您想让他们做的事情，这样您就能得到您认为您需要的东西。

Come back to you. Come back to the moment. Come back to the present now. Come back home. Come back home to you here and now. You. Your Heaven on Earth. Come back home. Come back into your dream. Come back into this moment. Come back into Heaven on Earth.
回来。回到那个时刻。现在回到当下。回家。回到家，回到您此刻的这里。您。您人间天堂。回家。回归您的梦想。回到这个时刻。回到人间天堂。

Come back home and be here and be here now and feel totally satiated again.
回家，在这里，现在就感到完全满足。

Fill yourself up. Fill up the moment. Fill up the space. Fill up this home that is you with love and peace and joy and harmony and beauty. Fill up your force field again. Fill your home with love. Build your moment with the presence of all that you are, and then expand from here.
请您自己填充。填充这一刻。填充这片空间。用爱与和平、喜悦与和谐、美丽来填充您自己的这个家。再次充满您的能量场。用爱填满您的家。以您所是的全部存在，构建您的时刻，然后从这里扩展出去。

Expand this moment. Expand the space around you. Expand your field. Oh, that feels good.
拓展这一刻。拓展您周围的空间。拓展您的领域。哦，这感觉真好。

Then from this place of being fully open and allowing, feeling totally satiated in the moment, let the path light up. Let yourself be in the flow. Let the light show you the way. Let the energy gently guide you toward the next perfect step. Let the next perfect step come to you.
然后从这种完全开放和允许的状态，在这一刻感到完全满足，让道路亮起来。让自己融入流动之中。让光明指引您的方向。让能量温柔地引导您走向下一步的正确步伐。让下一个完美的步伐来到您面前。

Let the future come to you. Let the miracles present themselves to you. Let yourself live in the magic again. Then you’re here, you’re home. You’re back here and now, and you’re here. Just notice now that you’re here, there’s no struggle. Now that you’re here, there’s no fear.
让未来来找您。让奇迹主动呈现在您面前。让自己再次生活在魔法中。然后，您就在这里了，家就在这里。您现在回到了这里，并且您就在这里。现在，只需注意到您就在这里，就没有挣扎。现在，您已经在这里了，就没有恐惧。

Now that you’re here, there’s no suffering because you’re here. You’re home. You’re here. Be here now.
既然您在这里，就没有苦难因为您就在这里。您在家里。您在这里。现在就待在这里。

As you do this and you practice it and you’re aware of it, you will begin to create from your alignment to this energy here, the I Am Creator frequency. You will create within your own creation, within your own field, within your own energy, within the flow, within Heaven on Earth.
随着您这样做并练习它，并且您意识到这一点，您将开始从您的对齐到这里的能量中创造出“我是创造者”的频率。您将在自己的创作、自己的领域、自己的能量、在流动中，在天上的地上创造出东西。

You begin to create, the Creator within your own creation, with no agenda. True creation has no agenda. No agenda, no expectation, and no limitation, which means no struggle, no suffering, no sacrifice, no fear, no worry.
您开始创造，在自己的创作中成为创造者，没有目的。真正的创造没有目的。没有目的、无期望和无限制，这意味着无挣扎、无痛苦、无牺牲、无恐惧和无忧虑。

Just pure, innocent, impeccable creation with effortless ease that will move into form in the easiest, most harmonious way, the highest expression of creation within your own experience.
纯粹、无辜、无瑕的创造，以轻松自如的方式进入形态，以最简单、最和谐的方式呈现，这是您自身经历中创作最高表达。


Pure creation moves into form in the easiest, most effortless, most harmonious way.
纯粹的创作以最简单、最不费力、最和谐的方式转化为形式。

When you can balance that level of existence and experience——while also letting everyone else have their own experiences and choose for themselves——and maintain your I Am Creator frequency in the world at this time of the next phase of the Great Awakening, you will see many, many more people, 
当您能在这种存在和经验的水平上取得平衡——同时让其他人拥有他们自己的经验并为自己选择——维持您在这个下一阶段大觉醒的现实中的我即创造者的频率，您将会看到许多许多人，

like never before, eager and excited to transcend the old and to move into the new with you. But this is not about fixing the old world.
从未如此渴望，兴奋地希望与您一同超越旧有的格局，步入新的境界。但这并非关于修复旧世界的事。

We say that the Fifth Dimension, the New Earth, Heaven on Earth is not a different place. It is a different state of consciousness, but in that different state of consciousness, new realities are created.
我们说第五维度、新地球、人间天堂不是一个不同的地方。它是一种不同的意识状态，但在那种不同的意识状态下，会创造出新的现实。

Within those new realities that are created, new form takes place, and consciousness moves energy into form in a new way, in a more expanded way.
在那些创造出的新现实中，新的形式产生，意识以新的、更扩展的方式将能量注入形式。

For metaphorical purposes, if you were to imagine that there was a New Earth in parallel and in perfect motion to Old Earth, if you want to call it that, then you are either in the New Earth or you are in the Old Earth. You have to choose where you are. You can only be in one place at one time.
为了比喻的目的，如果您想象在平行时空下有一个与旧地球同步运动的新地球，如果你们愿意这么称呼它的话，那么您就在新地球或者您就在旧地球。您必须选择您在哪里。同一时间您只能处在一个地方。

So, you’re either choosing the New Earth——Heaven on Earth——or you’re choosing the Old Earth. In the New Earth, there is peace and joy and love and harmony and beauty and collaboration and cooperation at the highest level. There’s co creation at the highest level.
所以，您是在选择新地球——人间的天堂，还是在选择旧地球。在新地球上，有和平、欢乐、爱、和谐、美以及最高级别的合作与协作。还有最高级别的共创。

There is a merging of multiple different expressions of Heaven on Earth coming together in their purest form from absolute innocence, and all beings that live in that New Earth are impeccable Creators.
天地之间多种不同的表达方式在此汇聚，以最纯粹的形式展现无邪的纯真，在那片新地球上生存的所有生灵都是无可挑剔的创造者。

And then there’s the Old Earth. There’s nothing wrong with it. It’s not a comparison, but the Old Earth still has polarity, has density, has experiences of separation, experiences of lack and struggle and pushing and efforting and trying to move form in order to get it the way you want it.
然后是旧地球。它没有任何问题。这不是一个比较，但旧地球仍然具有极性，有密度，有着分离的经验，缺乏、挣扎以及推拉和努力，试图改变形态以获得您想要的样子。

There are all the things that you don’t really like so much, which is why you’ve been doing all this work on yourself in the first place——to transcend fear, struggle, suffering, lack, and limitation. Then you get to the place where you know you can, and you still choose to live in Old Earth.
所有那些您并不特别喜欢的事物，这就是您最初做这些工作的原因——为了超越恐惧、挣扎、痛苦、缺乏和局限。然后您就到了一个您知道自己能行的地方，但您还是选择生活在旧地球上。

There’s nothing wrong with this. We just want you to see it in a visualization. We want you to be able to picture the difference so that you know what you’re choosing energetically. You all are here to help create the New Earth, to move it into form and then have the experience of it.
这里没有什么问题。我们只是希望您能以可视化的方式看到它。我们希望您能够想象出这种差异，以便您了解您所选择的能量是什么。你们都来这里是为了帮助创造新地球，让它成形，并体验它。

Then you say, But wait, don’t I have to still change the whole Old Earth in order for me to live in the New Earth? And we say, No, you actually can’t. That’s not the way it ever could be.
然后您说：“等等，难道我不需要改变整个旧地球才能在新地球上生活吗？”而我们说：“不，实际上您不能这么做。这从来不是可能的方式。”

Think about it as an undiscovered fishing spot. There’s a beautiful lake, and somewhere special in the middle of the lake is this sacred spot where there is an absolute abundance of fish, and there’s never a limited supply, ever.
把它想象成一个未被发现的渔场。那里有一个美丽的湖泊，湖中央有个特殊的地方，那里是神圣的地点，鱼儿极为丰盛，供应绝对充足，永远没有限制。

They’re the most beautiful fish, and there’s an ease to finding the fish in that spot. It’s a magical fishing spot. It can be raining on the other side of the lake, but when you go to that spot in the lake it’s sunny and beautiful.
他们是最美丽的鱼，而且在那片区域找鱼非常轻松。这是一个神奇的钓鱼点。湖的另一边可能正在下雨，但当您去湖中那个地方时，那里阳光明媚且美丽。

Anytime you’re ever there and someone else is also fishing in that spot, it doesn’t change your experience.
无论何时您到达那里，其他人也在那个地方钓鱼，这都不会改变您的体验。

Your experience is still wonderful even if someone else is there fishing in the same spot, and you notice that every time someone else is also fishing in that sacred fishing spot, you really like them. They’re amazing. They’re fun. They’re funny. They get you. You connect.
您的经历仍然很美好，即使有人在同一个地方钓鱼，您注意到每次有人也在那个神圣的钓鱼点钓鱼，您真的很喜欢他们。他们是神奇的。他们很有趣。他们很幽默。他们理解您。你们建立了联系。

You have great conversations as you’re fishing. More and more people start coming to this fishing spot, but every time there’s no limitation on how many fish you have. There’s just always an abundance. Everyone you meet there is incredible, and you start really loving the sacred fishing spot.
您在垂钓时有着很棒的对话。越来越多的人开始来到这个钓鱼点，但每次都没有对鱼的数量限制。总是有大量的鱼。在那里遇见的每个人都很了不起，您开始真正热爱这片神圣的钓鱼地。

There’s no lack. There’s no limitation to how many people can be there, and every time you meet someone there it seems to add something to your life.
没有缺乏。人数的限制，每次您见到那里的人，似乎都会给您的生活增添些什么。

It seems to just get better and just get bigger, and together it sort of seems like you all have more, a better life, a more magical life, and there’s just an abundance of life.
它似乎越来越好，越来越庞大，并且在一起时，你们似乎有更多、更好的生活，更神奇的生活，生命之丰盛无以伦比。

Would you ever want to go back to the experience of struggle and difficulty and chaos, or would you just enjoy your new fishing spot?
您是否愿意回到充满挣扎、困难和混乱的经历中，还是只享受您的新钓鱼点？

Would you ever go back and fish at a fishing hole where there are never any fish, the weather is always crappy, and if somebody else goes there, they’re kind of a jerk? No, you would choose to fish at the new fishing spot.
您是否会回到一个从未有鱼、天气总是糟糕，并且别人去那里会显得有些讨厌的钓鱼点？不，您可能会选择在新的钓鱼地点垂钓。

You can choose where you want to be. It’s that simple. Think about it this way. If all of a sudden everybody chose to live in the New Earth, wouldn’t there just be more? Wouldn’t it just be better?
您可以选择您想要去的地方。就这么简单。换个角度想。如果突然间所有人都选择了在地球新大陆生活，那不会就是更多吗？不是会更好吗？

And if only half the people decided to live there and the other half decided to live in the Old Earth, well, that’s okay too, right? Lastly, if only just a few people decided to live in the New Earth but lots decided to stay in the Old Earth, that’s also fine.
并且如果只有一半的人决定住在那里，另一半人则选择生活在旧地球上，那也行啊，对吧？最后，如果只是少数人选择居住在新地球上，但很多人还是留在旧地球上，这也很好。


You can choose whether you want to live in the New Earth or the Old Earth. It’s that simple.
您可以选择您想要居住在新生地球还是旧生地球。就这么简单。

Here’s the second part of the story. Now you’re a soul, and you’re coming into the Earth experience, and you get to choose. Well, do I want to come to Earth in the New Earth or the Old Earth?
这里是故事的第二部分。现在您成为了一个灵魂，您正在进入地球的体验，您可以选择。嗯，我想要来到新地球还是旧地球？

If you are in the New Earth and you know that every soul has that choice when they come into this experience, you realize that some chose to go to Old Earth. And you think: I don’t know why. I don’t want to presume why. I honor them. I know the truth of them.
如果您在新生之地上，并且知道每个灵魂在这段经历中都有选择权，您就会意识到有些人选择了去往旧生之地。您会想：我不知道为什么。我不想妄加推测。我尊重他们。我知道他们的真相。

I don’t need to know why they chose the Old Earth. I can choose to live in the New Earth.
我不需要知道他们为什么选择旧地球。我可以选择生活在新地球。

I know that they came with a soul, with a choice just as I did, and I’m never going to figure out why they chose to go to Old Earth or why they chose to stay there when at any time they could have come to the New Earth.
我知道他们带着灵魂来，和我一样有着选择的权利，我永远也不会弄懂为什么他们选择了去旧地球，或者为什么他们在任何时候都可以来到新地球时却选择留在那里。

I know who they are. I know the truth of who they are, so I’m going to let them have their experience. I’m not going to go into the Old Earth and try to fix them or save them because I know they have a choice, just like I do.
我知道他们是谁。我知道他们的真相，所以我将让他们拥有自己的经历。我不会去到古老地球试图修复他们或救他们，因为我知道他们有一个选择，就像我一样。

They can come swim and fish and play in the magical fishing spot because there’s more than enough. There’s a plentiful supply. There’s an abundance of all the good things.
他们可以来这里游泳、钓鱼和玩耍，因为这里多得是。供应充足。所有美好的事物都丰盛无比。

You get to choose for you, and everybody else gets to choose for them. Let it be. Let it be their experience. It doesn’t have to affect what you choose for you.
您可以选择为自己，其他人也可以为自己的选择。随它吧。让他们去体验。这不需要影响您的选择。

As you redefine what’s possible in your life experience, you make it easier for so many others to choose a more magical experience for themselves. That’s how important you are.
随着您重新定义自己生活中的可能性，您使许多其他人更容易为自己选择一个更神奇的经历。这就是您的价值所在。

You are here seeding human consciousness with a greater potential and possibility. You are illuminating the potential for humankind. You are free to live the life you choose for you where you can allow all things with ease and grace.
您在这里播撒着具有更广阔潜力和可能性的人类意识。您正在照亮人类的潜力。您可以自由地选择您想要的生活，在那里您可以轻松而优雅地允许一切事物存在。

Let the light guide the way, and you will dance and play with the beauty of all of creation. You are the existence of All That Is, here and now, the Creator within your own creation. Come home to you. Wake up from the dream, and wake up to you. Wake up to you.
让光明指引道路，您将舞动并享受所有创造之美的乐趣。您是所有存在之物、此处此刻的存在，是您自己创造中的创造者。回归您的家园。从梦中醒来，醒向您自身。醒向您自身。

Every single one of you is so magnificent in every way, and all that’s left to do is allow and open and receive. I allow all that I am, I allow all that I am, I allow all that I am, and so it is.
每一位都如此卓越，剩下的只是允许、开放和接受。我允许我的全部，我允许我的全部，我允许我的全部，于是如此。

In the opening and the allowing yourself to transcend into a new, more glorious dream, you illuminate the potential for all of humankind. Allow every day, every moment to be a bright new glorious morning for you. It is all here for you now.
在开启和允许自己超越进入一个全新、更辉煌的梦中，您照亮了全人类的潜能。让每一天、每一刻都成为您明亮新的一天。现在这一切都在这里为您准备着。

You will enjoy, you will delight in being in this experience, fully home to you——coming back to you, yourself, within your own field and moving through life from this place as you witness not only your own shift in consciousness to redefine what’s possible, 
您将享受，您将在这种体验中感到快乐——完全属于您的家——回到您自己，在您的领域中，从这一处出发穿过生活，作为目击者，您不仅见证了您自己的意识转变，重新定义可能性的界限，
but also see the Great Awakening taking place on your planet at this time, awakening everyone to the potential to choose the world you want to live in. Only you can choose for you. And so it is.
同时也看到大觉醒正在这个星球上发生，它将唤醒每个人，选择想要生活的潜力。只有您才能为自己做出选择。因此如此。


Allow every day, every moment to be a bright new glorious morning for you. It is all here for you now.
让每一天、每一刻都成为您一个灿烂的新光辉黎明。现在这一切都属于您。


We know we have brought a lot to you. Let this be an expansion of your consciousness and awareness. Let this be an elevation of your light and your frequency.
我们知道我们已经为您带来了很多。让这成为您意识与意识的扩展。让这成为您之光和频率的提升。

Notice that you are maintaining these higher vibrations for longer and longer periods of time as you expand your consciousness and your awareness. As you do, you open up and allow more energy and light, which moves you even more powerfully into yourself as Creator within your own creation.
请注意，随着您扩展您的意识和觉知，您在越来越长的时期内保持这些更高的振动频率。在这个过程中，您敞开自己并允许更多的能量和光明进入，这更加有力地将您带入到您自己的创造物中作为创造者。

So, take a deep breath, and let it go. Take a deep breath, and let it go. One more time. Take a deep breath, and let it go. And so it is.
所以，深呼吸，让它释放。深呼吸，让它释放。再来一次。深呼吸，让它释放。就这样吧。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES 关键信息

You’re going to see people in your families who you never thought would fully awaken become conscious and aware of All That Is in a way that may surprise and delight you.
您将看到您家庭中的某些人，他们从未想过会完全觉醒，开始意识到“一切存在”，这可能会让您感到惊讶和高兴。

It’s all really just a dream, and it’s all an opportunity for you to awaken within the dream and live as Creator of your life experience in all dimensions of consciousness that you exist in, at all times.
所有这一切都只是一场梦，这也是一个机会，让您在梦中觉醒，并以创造者的身份存在于您意识的所有维度中，在任何时刻体验您的生活。

You are a force field of creation. The more you can allow yourself to be in the pure energy of the I Am Creator frequency, the more you will allow the future to come to you. You will allow miracles to present themselves to you. You will allow your life to be pure magic.
您是创造力的场域。您越能让自己沉浸在我是创造者频率的纯粹能量中，您就越能让未来向您走来。您将允许奇迹向您呈现。您将让您的生命成为纯粹的魔法。

If you can enjoy the fluid form of creation, you will not limit the physical expression of energy in form.
如果您能享受创造的流动形式，您就不会限制能量在形态上的物理表达。

The Fifth Dimension, the New Earth, Heaven on Earth is not a different place. It is a different state of consciousness.
第五维度、新地球、人间天堂并非不同地点。它是一种不同的意识状态。

As you redefine what’s possible in your life experience, you make it easier for so many others to choose a more magical experience for themselves.
随着您重新定义自己生命体验中的可能性，您使许多人更容易为自己选择更神奇的经历。



CHAPTER 8 LET THE LIGHT GUIDE THE WAY让光明指引方向

In this chapter, The Council invites you to recognize the existence of God in all things and to remember that the energy is always guiding you, showing you the way.
在这一章中，Council邀请您认识到万物皆有神的存在，并记住能量始终在引导您，为您指引道路。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to speak with you all on this fine and glorious day indeed. You are divine beings of light expressing yourself in the world for your enjoyment and pure delight. You are everything you wish to be. You are free. You are free.
我们非常高兴和愉快地有机会在这美好而辉煌的日子里与各位交谈。你们是神圣的光之存在，在世界上表达自己以获得乐趣和纯粹的快乐。你们就是你们希望成为的一切。你们是自由的。你们是自由的。

You are All That Is expressing yourself in form. Remember that life is meant to unfold for you with ease and grace in the most magnificent ways.
您是一切形式的自我表达。记住，生活本应以最优雅、最壮丽的方式对您展开轻松自如。

You are coming to a time where there is an acceleration happening. Many of you are feeling it as a bit of resistance, many of you are feeling it with heightened emotions, and many of you are feeling it with a greater sense of experiencing the void than you have before. There is an acceleration.
您正进入一个正在加速发生的时代。许多人都感受到一丝阻力，很多人情绪更为激动，还有许多人比以前更深刻地感受到了空无的感觉。有一种加速度在发生。

There is a quickening. There’s a speeding up. We offer you an invitation to experience this acceleration with grace; grace being the allowing of light, allowing of the existence of the Divine, allowing of yourself——the divine being that you are——to be in a state of allowing, allowing, allowing.
存在一种加速。有一种加快。我们为您提供一份邀请，以优雅地体验这种加速度；优雅即允许光明，允许神圣的存在，允许您自己——作为那个神圣的您——处于允许的状态，允许、允许、允许。

What are you allowing? Energy. You’re allowing energy. You are allowing light.
您在允许什么？能量。您正在允许能量。您正在允许光明。

When you start understanding that the acceleration and the quickening is happening as a result of your asking, your expansion, your ability to hold yourself in a higher frequency for longer periods of time, you will realize that it is more important than ever before to practice being impeccable.
当您开始理解加速和加速是由于您的提问、您的扩展以及您保持更高频率更长时间的能力而产生的，您会意识到，比以往任何时候都更加重要的是去练习做到无瑕疵。

We have said that impeccable means “in the highest good, of the highest standards.” Your human definition even states that being impeccable means not liable to sin. What does that mean? Some of these words have a great amount of energy around them, like the word sin.
我们曾说过“完美”意味着“处于最高善，达到最高标准”。您的人类定义甚至表明，保持完美意味着不犯错误。这究竟是什么意思？这些词汇中蕴含着巨大的能量，例如“罪恶”这个词。

At times they have been used to control, judge, and shame people. Yet all that was ever meant in the intention of the word sin was to miss the mark, to miss the higher meaning, to miss the higher potential.
有时它们被用来控制、评判和羞辱人们。然而，这个词“罪”的本意只是指偏离目标，错过更高的意义，失去更高的潜力。

So then, impeccable means not liable to miss the higher intention, the higher purpose, the higher good. That there’s something grander available, some greater potential, some higher possibility.
因此，完美无瑕意味着不会错过更高的意图、更高的目的和更高的善。这意味着有更伟大的东西可供选择，有一些更大的潜能，一些更高的可能性。

If you will allow creation to be impeccable, you will find that there’s a higher good involved in it all that your human self cannot see, cannot figure out, and will never understand.
如果您允许创造变得完美无瑕，您会发现其中涉及到更高的善，这是您的凡人所无法看到、无法理解、也永远不会明白的。

If you’re viewing life experiences and what is happening around you as bad or good, you tend to move into a state of judgment, which tends to move you into limitation.
如果您将生命经历和周围发生的事情视为好坏，您往往会陷入判断的状态，这往往会使您进入局限。

It tends to have you looking at whether creations are right or wrong, whether manifestations are right or wrong, whether people are right or wrong, or whether situations are right or wrong, and you tend to miss the mark, miss the target, miss the point, which is that everything, everything is the expression of God.
它倾向于让您去判断创造是否正确或错误，显现是否正确或错误，人是否正确或错误，或是情境是否正确或错误，而您往往偏离了目标，错过了靶心，错失了要点，那就是一切，一切都是神性的表达

 It is your perception that determines how you experience God in reality. Oh, we’ve never said that before. It’s really important.
您如何感知 神性，取决于您在现实中的体验。哦，我们之前从未说过这样的话。这真的很重要。


Everything is the expression of God, and your perception of your life experience determines how you experience God in reality.
一切是神性的表达，您对生命体验的认知决定了您在现实中如何体验神性。


Everything is the existence of the Divine. Everything is the existence of God, of the Source. It could be no other way, but most of the time you are denying the existence of God in everything because of your judgment of what is right and what is wrong.
一切是神的存在。一切是神、源头存在。不可能有其他方式，但大多数时候，您因对您认为对与错的评价而否认了神性在一切中的存在。

You deny yourself as the power that you are, as the force field, as the very existence of creation that is you. You are the existence of creation. You are creation. You are reality. But your perception of God is what determines your experience of reality.
您否定了自己作为力量、作为力场、作为正是您的创造存在的本质。您是创造的存在。您是创造。您是现实。但您对神性的认知决定了您对现实的体验。

The more you allow the power that you are, the more expansive your life becomes, the more you see the beauty in all things, the more you see and experience and feel God, the more you witness the Divine in your human experience.
越允许您的力量，您的生活就越宽广；您看到的事物之美就越多；您看到、体验和感受到的神性就越深刻；您在人类经历中见证的神性就越多。

You deny yourself by shaming yourself, by judging yourself, by blaming yourself, by holding yourself in guilt and resentment. We have spoken many times about shame being the heaviest, densest human emotion, and many of you have become very aware of when you shame yourself.
您通过羞辱自己，评判自己，责备自己，以及背负罪恶和怨恨来否定自己。我们曾多次讨论到羞愧是人类情感中最沉重、最浓重的情绪，而你们中的许多人已经非常清楚何时会羞辱自己。

Now you are moving toward a process of moving beyond, going beyond, transcending judgment, and seeing how it entangles you with lower dimensional energies and emotions.
现在，您正在走向超越的过程，走向超越，超越判断，看看它如何将您与低维度的能量和情感纠缠在一起。

It is your denying——through your judgment of others, of yourself, of situations——that keeps you from experiencing the Divine, keeps you from Heaven on Earth, keeps you from experiencing the creation of all that exists in your force field.
这是您的否定——通过您对他人的评判、对自己的评判以及对情况的评判——让您无法体验神圣，让您无法在人间享受天堂，让您无法体验到存在于您力场中的所有存在的创造。

Many of you think you still need to be clear on or be specific about what you want to manifest, and we are telling you it’s all already in your force field of creation, and if you just don’t go into the gap, you will experience the fullness of all that is here for you now.
许多人都认为你们仍然需要对想要显化的事物保持清晰或具体，而我们要告诉你们，这一切已经存在于你们的创造力场中，只要您不陷入空缺，您将体验到此时此刻为您准备的一切之全部。

But you cannot experience the fullness of all that you are, all that life has to offer in every situation, and all who you are co-creating with if you are denying, through your judgment, the very existence of the Source that is everywhere, the Divine that is in everything.
但是，如果您通过您的判断否定了一切无处不在的源泉的存在，一切事物中的神圣，您就无法体验到您所拥有的一切的丰盛性，以及生活中每个情境所能提供的所有东西，以及您和他人共同创造的所有事物。

You deny the very Source that you are, the divine being that you are, through your judgment of yourself. Every time you resist something because you feel you didn’t do it right, you judge it as wrong. You judge emotions as wrong.
您通过自我评判否认了您自身的来源，即那个神圣的存在。每当因觉得自己没有做得正确而抗拒某事时，您就会认为它是错误的。您会将情感视为错误。

We have never, ever said that feeling lower, denser emotions is wrong. We’ve never said it’s wrong. It’s not wrong. Is it your highest potential? Is it the highest possibility? Is it the fullness of all that you are? Maybe not, but it’s not wrong. There’s data and information in all of it.
我们从未说过感到更低沉、更密集的情感是错误的。我们从未说过这是错的。这不是错的。它是否是您最高的潜能？是否是最高的可能性？是否是您全部的充实？可能不是，但这不是错的。其中包含着数据和信息的所有内容。

You are here reading our words.
您在这里阅读我们的文字。

You drew us to you because you remember somewhere within you that life is meant to be easy, effortless, and harmonious, that grace and energy and light are available to you at all times, that your life is meant to be joyful, that this journey is meant to be enjoyed, and that you are here to enjoy an
您把我们吸引到您身边，因为您内心深处记得生命应该简单、不费力且和谐，优雅、能量和光明随时都在您身边，您的生活注定是快乐的，这段旅程也注定要享受，而您在这里就是为了享受这一切。

d delight in all that you are. That’s why you drew us to you.
感到高兴于您的所有本质。这就是您吸引我们的原因。

It is your asking that is drawing to you an awareness to shift beyond lower, denser emotion. This awareness is coming to you because you are asking to transcend these lower, denser energies, but not because we’ve ever said they’re wrong.
这是您的问题引导着您对超越更低、更密集的情感的意识转变。这种意识之所以来到您身边，是因为您请求超越这些较低、更密集的能量，而不是因为我们曾说过它们是错误的。

Your very awareness of the ability to shift into some other wanted place is a highly conscious, enlightened state of being. Why would you judge yourself for being conscious and aware of your state or of how you feel?
您的意识能切换到其他想要的地方，这是一种高度自觉、启迪的状态。您为什么还会对自己保持意识和感知自己的状态或感受进行评判呢？

Feeling lower, denser emotions is not wrong. Your very awareness of the ability to shift into a wanted place is a highly conscious, enlightened state of being.
感觉更沉重、更密集的情感并没有错。您意识到自己能够进入理想状态的能力，这是一种高度自觉和启迪的灵性状态。

You are feeling beings, and the truth will come to you through your feelings. That is your mechanism that guides you. How does it feel?
您是有感知的生命体，真理将通过您的感受向您显现。那是引导您的机制。您感觉如何？

Oftentimes what trips you up about this is where you think you should be or what you should be doing or what you should feel instead of staying conscious and present and witnessing what it is that this feeling is showing you.
经常困扰您的，是您认为您应该在哪里、应该做什么或应该有什么感觉，而不是保持清醒和当下，见证这种感觉向您展示的是什么。

It’s usually showing you that you’re holding yourself in limitation through the way that you’re thinking, through your choices, your actions, your perception. That is all.
它通常在向您展示，您通过思考方式、选择、行动和感知将自己限制在局限之中。这就是全部。

Why do you deny the existence of God in others? Why do you deny the existence of God in yourself? Why do you deny the existence of God in all situations? Because you really want certain things to be right, and you really want certain things to be wrong——because then you’ll have control.
您为何否定他人中的神性存在？您为何否定自己心中的神性存在？您为何否定所有情境中的神性存在？因为您确实想要某些事情是正确的，您确实想要某些事情是错误的——因为那样您会拥有控制权。

Is that really what you want, control of all of this? The second you try to control everything, you yourself will feel out of control.
这真的是您想要的吗，控制这一切？当您试图控制一切的时候，您自己会感到失控。

You sometimes have situations in your human experience, such as the spread of a virus, fluctuating financial markets, economic turbulence, wars between nations or political leaders, natural disasters, crime, and threats of violence that appear to be the reason many people feel out of control.
您在人类经历中有时会遇到一些情况，如病毒传播、金融市场的波动、经济动荡、国家间或政治领导人之间的战争、自然灾害、犯罪以及暴力威胁等，这些都似乎是许多人感到失去控制的原因。

It is a common belief under such circumstances that the way to get it under control is to figure out how to manipulate that particular thing or experience.
这是一种普遍的看法，在这样的情况下，控制它的方法就是找出如何操纵那个特定的事物或经历。

In these types of situations you are playing out perceived limitations and trying to control things, because if you have control then you will be safe. It’s just a state of awareness or a misunderstanding of your ability to navigate the human experience with ease and grace.
在这些情况下，您正在表现出感知到的限制并试图控制一切，因为如果您能掌控局面，您就会感到安全。这只是一种意识状态或是对您轻松优雅地导航人类经验的误解。

For example, you may think that if something was deemed as safe by your governments or an authority figure, then you wouldn’t have to check in with your own navigation systems.
例如，您可能认为如果某事物被您的政府或权威人士认定为安全，那么您就无需检查自己的导航系统。

You don’t have to follow the energy and light that are always guiding you if something outside of you is telling you what’s safe, where to go, and what you can and can’t do in order to stay safe and keep everything under control.
您不必跟随始终指引您的能量和光明，如果外界有声音在告诉您什么安全、去哪里以及为了保持安全和控制一切您能做什么或不能做什么。

This will lead you back to remembering that when you allow the light to guide the way, there’s no need to control. When you allow energy to guide the way for you, there’s no need to control. There’s nothing out of control, and it’s not by getting things “under control” that you feel better.
这将引导您回想起，当您允许光明指引道路时，无需控制。当您允许能量为您指引方向时，也无需控制。没有失控的事物，而您感觉更好的方式不是通过将事情“控制在手中”。

It’s by moving into a state of allowing, which means to take a deep breath, slow down, connect to all of you, expand the space around you, open and allow energy to serve you, and then follow the light, follow the energy, and go with the flow.
通过进入一种允许的状态，意味着深呼吸，放慢速度，连接到所有人，扩展您周围的空间，开放并允许能量为您服务，然后追随光芒，追随能量，顺应潮流。

Not the flow of what the masses are doing or thinking or feeling. Flowing with the light, flowing with the energy. The flow of the light and the energy will guide you always.
不是大众所做、所想或所感的主流。与光明同行，与能量共舞。光和能量的流动将始终指引您前行。

The situation of something like a virus, natural disasters, violence, or war is no different than any other situation.
病毒、自然灾害、暴力或战争等情况与其他任何情况并无不同。

People make their transitions——or what you call death——every day through a wide variety of means, some of which have been around for a long time, and yet where do you feel out of control? Where do you feel the need to control in order to be safe?
人们每天都在通过各种方式经历他们的转变——或者说，你们所说的死亡——其中一些已经存在很长时间了，然而您觉得自己失去了控制？您在哪里感到需要控制才能感到安全？

Whenever you’re feeling a need to control, you’re just moving yourself out of the state of allowing energy and light to guide the way.
无论何时您感到需要控制，您只是将自己从允许能量和光明引领的方式中移出。

Why do you deny the existence of God in others? Because you really want them to stay under control. Why do you deny the existence of God in certain situations? Because you want to control the situation to be the way you think it should be from your limited vantage point or viewpoint.
您为什么否认他人中存在神性？因为实际上您希望他们处于控制之下。您为什么在某些情况下否认神性的存在？因为您想要按照您从有限的角度或观点认为它应该的样子来控制局势。

We assure you, there is a much higher, grander perspective in all situations.
我们向您保证，在所有情况下都有一个更高、更宏伟的视角。


You deny the existence of God in things because you want to control them from your limited viewpoint.
您否认事物的神性存在，因为您想从有限的视角中控制它们。

You look at a situation like a hurricane, and you think, That’s awful. That’s terrible. It shouldn’t be that way; it’s out of control, causing devastation. And you go into fear and mass conscious dis-ease and in some cases insanity because it’s just out of control.
您把情况比作一场飓风，心想：“这太糟糕了。真是太可怕了。不应该这样；它失控了，造成了破坏。”于是您陷入恐惧和大众意识的痛苦之中，在某些情况下甚至灵性失常，因为它真的是失控了。

But you don’t have to ever be out of control. When you don’t need to control, there is ease.
但您不必要永远失去控制。当您不需要控制时，就有轻松。

Consider how you use the very word control. It’s under control. It’s locked down. It’s put in its box, in its place. It’s under control. It’s moved into such a form of density that it has no ability to harm you.
考虑一下您如何使用“控制”这个词。它被控制在范围内。它被封死了。它被放回它的盒子里，回到它的位置上。它被控制住了。它被转换成了一种密度，以至于它对您没有任何伤害的能力。

You deny the existence of God that is in all things and everyone, because if everyone knew the power within them, then the situation would just be out of control.
您否认了存在于万物和每个人心中的神性的存在，因为如果每个人都了解他们内心的力量，那么情况就会失控。

That’s the common way of thinking, which holds you in lack and limitation, in the feeling of being out of control and needing to control, in the feeling of being unsafe, and in getting entangled in lower-density emotions and mass conscious thinking.
这是常见的思维方式，它使您陷入缺乏和局限中，在失控感和需要控制的感觉中，在不安全感中，以及陷入低密度情感和大众意识思维的纠葛中。

As it relates to any sort of situation that is unwanted, in every moment there is the ability to tune into, open, and allow energy to serve you, and to let the light guide the way.
关于任何不欢迎的情况，在每一刻都有能力调频、开启并允许能量为您服务，以及让光明引导前路。

This means you might be guided around doing something that you do every single day because there is something in your path that day that is not a vibrational match to you; it’s not in your field, because it’s not in the highest and best good, and not aligned with your experience of creation.
这意味着您可能被引导去做您每天都会做的事情，因为在那一天您的道路上有些东西与您不符的振动；它不在您的领域内，因为它不是最高和最好的，也不符合您对创造的体验。

Yet you often move into your unconscious response to the day-to-day without staying present.
然而，您经常在不知不觉中进入对日常生活的反应，而没有保持当下。

One of our dear friends illustrated this perfectly. We have asked you, What brings you joy? Do that. What brings you joy? Do that. What brings you joy? Do that. She likes to walk on a particular trail every day, and that has brought her joy, so she walks along it on many days.
一位我们亲爱的朋友完美地诠释了这一点。我们曾问过您，什么让您感到快乐？那就去做那件事。什么让您感到快乐？那就去做那件事。什么让您感到快乐？那就去做那件事。她喜欢每天走一条特定的路线，这让她的生活充满了快乐，所以她在很多天都会沿着这条路走。

She has a path she likes to take, so she takes that path because that’s the path she likes, that’s the path that brings her joy.
她喜欢走一条路，所以她选择那条路，因为那是她喜欢的路，那是一条带给她快乐的路。

On one particular day, she had energy light up and tell her to go a different way, but she’s so used to her joy coming from going in the other direction that she didn’t follow the light. She didn’t follow the energy, and there’s no judgment from our side ever.
在某个特别的日子里，她感觉到一股活力照亮了她，并告诉她走不同的路，但她已经习惯了从相反方向获得快乐，因此没有跟随那束光。她没有追随这股能量，而我们这边从未有过任何评判。

We have so much love for our friend, and yet so much can be learned and remembered from her experience. There was a somewhat aggressive dog on the path she normally follows, and light was guiding her another way.
我们非常爱我们的朋友，然而从她的经历中我们可以学到和记住很多东西。在通常走的路上有一只稍微有些凶猛的狗，而光线则引导她选择了另一条路。

Instead of avoiding that dog, she came across it, but in shifting fairly quickly back into her heart, she was able to avoid an unwanted situation, and all was essentially well.
相反，她并没有避开那条狗，而是遇到了它。但很快地将注意力转移到心里，她成功地避免了不受欢迎的局面，一切基本上都很顺利。

But was the whole situation guided and orchestrated as such that everyone reading this message could reach an understanding of how to follow the energy and light that will always guide you around obstacles or things that are not aligned in your field? We think so.
但整个情况是否被如此指导和编排，以至于阅读这条信息的每个人都能理解如何追随那始终引导您绕过障碍或与您的领域不一致之物的能量和光明？我们认为是的。

Let’s say that you are supposed to be at a meeting, and you are going to get on an airplane to get there, but it isn’t coming together easily, effortlessly, harmoniously. There is no light in it. There is no energy in it.
假设您本应该参加会议，您打算乘坐飞机前往，但这过程并不轻松、顺利、和谐。其中没有光亮，也没有能量。

You don’t feel any resonance at all, but you feel like you have to go to the meeting. So you go, and you end up catching the flu, or you end up being delayed, or you end up having a situation.
您完全没有共鸣感，但感觉不得不去参加会议。所以您就去了，结果感冒了，或者延误了，或者是出现了一些情况。

You would be more upset that you did not trust your own guidance system than that you were delayed or that you got the flu.
您更会因为不相信自己的导航系统而感到沮丧，而不是因为您被延误或者患上了流感。

Now, we agree that it’s possible for every single one of you to live in perfect health at all times if you are willing to slow down, put some space around yourself, stay in the light, and let the light guide the way——meaning to stay in a high frequency, a high vibration, in a state more aligned tow
现在，我们同意，只要你们愿意放慢脚步，给自己留出空间，停留在光明之中，让光明指引方向——也就是说，保持在高频率、高振动状态，达到更加和谐的状态——每个人都能够一直处于完美的健康中。

ard being totally satiated and feeling pure bliss and peace and ease and joy and in a state of grace. Your body will naturally, naturally stay in the highest state of well-being. You may say, But I have to do these things. I’m responsible for these things. I’m responsible for these people.
极度的满足感，感受纯净的幸福、平和、安逸和喜悦，处在一个优雅的状态。您的身体自然会自然而然地保持在最佳健康状态。您可能会说：“但是，我必须做这些事。我对这些事负责。我对这些人负责。”

I’m responsible for this job. I’m responsible for all these things I have to do. When you say these things, you move out of your state of grace, and you find yourself being unwell.
我负责这份工作。我必须做所有这些事情。当您说出这些话时，您会离开您的优雅状态，您会发现您自己生病了。

The same is true in relationships.
同样，在人际关系中也是如此。

When one is fearful of entering into a relationship because they might get hurt or they don’t fully allow themselves to be vulnerable, it’s usually——and we’ll say always——because you have had an experience of being in a relationship in the past where the energy went out of that relationship, where the
当一个人因为可能受伤或者没有完全允许自己变得脆弱而不敢进入一段关系时，通常——我们可以说总是——是因为您在过去有过一段关系的经历，其中那段关系已经失去了能量。

light moved you somewhere else but you didn’t go with the light. You stayed attached, dependent, in expectation that the relationship had to work, and you pushed, you struggled, you forced, and you got hurt, and they got hurt.
光带您去到了别的地方，但您并没有随着光一起走。您留在了原地，依赖着，期待着关系必须成功，而您推搡、挣扎、强迫，结果自己受伤了，他们也受到了伤害。

Harm was caused not because you can’t trust love, but because you didn’t follow the energy, you didn’t follow the light. When the light left the relationship, you didn’t go with it. You held yourself in the dark.
伤害并非因为您不相信爱情，而是因为您没有跟随能量，您没有追随光明。当光明离开关系时，您没有跟随着它去。您让自己陷入黑暗之中。

Understand that you can navigate through all of life, including relationships, with ease and grace in the most effortless, harmonious way when you follow the energy.
理解在遵循能量时，您可以轻松优雅地应对生活中的所有方面，包括人际关系，以最不费力、最和谐的方式进行导航。

If you think of spending time with your loved one today and it doesn’t bring a smile to your face, then let the energy guide the way. When you say, I have to, they’re my spouse, or I have to, they’re my child, or I have to, my sister is in town, then you are denying the energy.
如果您今天想到和您所爱的人共度时光却不能让您脸上露出笑容，那么就任由能量引导方向。当您说“我必须得”，“他们是我的配偶”，或者“我必须得”，“我的妹妹在城里”时，您就是在否定这种能量。

You’re denying the light that’s trying to guide you, and you’re holding yourself in limitation because you think you should, because you feel responsible.
您否认了试图指引您的光明，因为您认为自己应该如此，因为您觉得自己有责任而限制了自己。

We are unearthing, uncovering, bringing to the light, bringing to your awareness something really important here. Some of you might really get it, and some of you might take some time to uncover and internalize it. You often know things with absolute certainty.
我们正在挖掘、揭露，将事物带到光亮之中，让您意识到这里有些真正重要的事情。有些人可能立刻明白，而有些人可能需要一些时间去发掘并内化它。您通常对事情有绝对的确定性。

You can call it intuition, or you can call it a feeling, but it’s the energy. It’s the light always guiding you. You wouldn’t have agreed to come into this human experience if you didn’t know with absolute certainty that the light would always, always guide the way for you.
您可以称之为直觉，也可以称之为感觉，但它是能量。那是始终指引您的光。如果您不是绝对肯定那光会永远、永远地为您指路，您不会同意进入这个人类经历的。

You knew you could feel whether the energy was in something or not, so you’d always know which way to go, which step to take, which path to follow, simply because you allowed the energy and you felt for the energy.
您深知自己能否感知到能量的存在，因此您总能清楚知道该走向何方，采取哪一步，追随哪条道路，仅仅是因为您允许了能量，并感寻到了能量。


The light will always guide the way for you. You can feel whether the energy is in something or not, so you always know which way to go.
光明将永远为您指引道路。您可以感知到能量是否存在于某事物中，所以您总是知道该往哪个方向走。

Some have come to a belief in limitation, which says you pick one person and you stay with them forever. We’re not saying that it’s not a very real experience for people to have loving, harmonious relationships.
一些人开始相信限制，即选择一个人，永远和他们在一起。我们并不是说人们拥有充满爱意、和谐的关系不是一个非常真实的生活体验。

We’re not saying that you should end a relationship because you didn’t have a good day with them. However, times of struggle in any relationship occur when you deny the existence of God in yourself, in the other person, and in the situation.
我们并不是说因为和对方度过了一个不好的日子就应当结束一段关系。然而，在任何关系中，当您在自己、对方以及情境中否认神性的存在时，就会出现困境时期。

When you can get back to allowing the purity that is in everything, the possibility that is in everything, the power that is in everything, you will align to the highest potential of any situation. You’ll align to the highest possibility of any relationship.
当您能够回归于允许一切事物中的纯洁性，一切事物中的可能性，一切事物中的力量时，您将与任何状况的最高潜力对齐。您将与任何关系的最高可能性对齐。

You will see the Divine in everyone, no matter who or what they appear to be in that moment, and you will allow yourself to be the fullness of all that you are.
您将在每个人身上看到神圣，无论他们那一刻看起来像谁或什么，您将允许自己成为您所有存在的圆满。

You will stay open and allowing, and you will find yourself navigating through life with ease and grace and harmony in all your relationships and situations.
您将保持开放和包容，会发现自己在生活中轻松自如地导航，与所有的人际关系和情境中都充满和谐。

It takes some slowing down at first. It takes creating space, and it gets easier. It does. All we’re trying to do is bring this to the light for you so that you can experience more magic, more miracles, more experiences of divine orchestration, more ease and grace.
一开始需要放慢节奏。需要创造空间，然后就会变得容易。是真的。我们试图做的只是把这一切展示给你们，让你们可以体验更多的魔法，更多的奇迹，更多神圣编排的经历，更多的轻松与优雅。

We don’t use the word choiceless to imply that you don’t have a choice. But really, if you think about it, you want it to feel choiceless. You want it to be clear and obvious and feel so aligned that there’s absolute clarity, absolute confidence, absolute certainty, and that you just know.
我们不用“无选择”这个词来暗示您没有选择。但事实上，如果您仔细想想，您希望感觉像没有选择。您希望它清晰明了，感觉如此一致，以至于有绝对清晰、绝对自信、绝对确定的感受，并且您知道自己就是这样。

And you want to get really good at staying open and allowing. Even if the light and the energy is guiding you right where you are in this moment and nowhere else, that is an action.
并且您希望真正擅长保持开放和允许。即使光和能量正在引导您正处在这一刻，而非其他地方，那也是一种行动。

Sometimes the action is to be right where you are and to find the opportunity to be an even greater expression of the Source that you are here and now.
有时候，行动就是在您所在的地方，并寻找机会成为在此刻此地更伟大地表达来源的机会。

We understand that you believe, and you have learned through this human experience that there are things you have to do.
我们理解您相信，并且通过这次人生经历，您已经了解到有一些事情您必须去做。

You’re coming into a time of really discovering a new level of limitation that you have agreed to and deciding from a more conscious, aware perspective whether you want to continue allowing that in your experience.
您将进入一个真正发现新层次限制的时间，这是您同意的，并从更加有意识、觉察的角度来决定您是否想要继续允许这种情况存在于您的经历中。

The thing that will help you is to start being aware of the formless, unmanifested existence of creation——the formless reality, the unmanifested reality that is always available to you. That is allowing yourself to experience All That Is in your force field of creation.
那能帮助您的是开始意识到创造的无形、未显现的存在——无形的现实，总是对您开放的未显现的现实。这就是让您在创造力的力量场中体验一切存在。

Consider the very insightful observation that manifesting something often leads to feeling responsible for the thing you have manifested.
考虑这一非常深刻的观察：显化某事物往往会导致对所显化的东西产生责任感。

If you want to experience having a child——being a portal by which life moves into form or a being moves into the human experience——and you manifest it, then you become responsible for the child for the rest of your life. All these responsibilities seem to come with it.
如果您想要体验做父母——成为生命进入形态或生命体进入人类经历的一个门户——那么当您实现它时，您将终身对这孩子负责。所有这些责任似乎都与它相伴而来。

Perhaps you want to find your soulmate. You want to experience being with the love of your life. You want to find love.
或许您想找到您的灵魂伴侣。您想要体验与您生命中的爱在一起的感觉。您想要找到爱情。

You want to attract a partner, and you want it so badly to be in form so that you can touch them and play with them and kiss them and laugh with them and do things with them and support each other.
您想吸引一个伴侣，您非常渴望以某种形式接近他们，以便您可以触摸他们、和他们玩耍、亲吻他们、与他们一起大笑、和他们做事情以及互相支持。

Then, suddenly, you have a whole new level of responsibility because of the manifestation of this lover in form.
然后，突然之间，由于这个爱人的显现，您有了全新的责任级别。

The same is true with a business. Many of you want to leave your jobs and the experience of being employees to have your own businesses or services or work that you do. Yet in the manifestation of that comes a whole lot of responsibility.
与一家企业相同。你们中的许多人想离开工作，摆脱员工身份，去拥有自己的企业或服务或从事自己喜欢的工作。然而，随之而来的是一大堆责任。

Now you’re responsible for all these customers and all this work that needs to get done and all these things that must be taken care of.
现在您负责所有这些客户以及需要完成的所有工作，还有必须照顾到的所有事情。

There is an experience you have of wanting to manifest things and not wanting to move out of the cycle of creation into being responsible for them. When you understand that impeccable creation has no agenda, you can experience pure Source expressing through you.
有种经验，您想要实现某些事物，但又不想从创造的循环中脱离出来，成为对其负责的人。当您明白完美的创造没有目的时，您就能体验到纯粹之源通过您表达自己。

If it moves into form or manifestation, if it comes from purity and impeccable-ness and can exist more freely in form, you can navigate through the experience of form without imposing such limitation on your manifestation by judging what’s right or wrong or denying the existence of God in your creations. 
如果它转化为形态或显现，如果它来自纯净与完美无瑕并能在形态中更自由地存在，您可以在形态体验中穿梭而不通过对您的表现进行评判来强加这样的限制，判断对错或否认神性的存在在您的创造中。

This also means that you don’t then manifest something and decide that you’re the Source of it, that you are the all-knowing.
这也意味着您不会显现出某物，然后决定您就是它的源头，您就是全知全能的。

When you’re trying to control the manifestation——when you’re trying to control when it manifests, how it manifests, who it manifests——then you start feeling this control over the manifestation, which makes you feel out of control, which is what causes a great amount of the trauma and the drama and the suffering in your creations.
当您试图控制显化时——当您试图控制它显化的时间、方式以及对象时——您就开始感受到对显化的这种掌控，这让您感到失控，正是这些导致了您创造中的许多创伤、剧情和苦难。

You can navigate through the experience of form without imposing limitations on your manifestation.
您可以体验物质形态，而不限制您的显现。

When you are controlling creation, it’s not really creation. When you are controlling manifestation, it almost always makes you feel out of control. You’re out of control because it has not manifested, and then you’re out of control because it has manifested.
当您控制着创造时，那其实不是真正的创造。当您控制着显化时，几乎总是让您感觉失去控制。您失控是因为它尚未显化，然后您又失控是因为它已经显化了。

You’re out of control when it hasn’t manifested, because you’re in lack and separation and in the gap, and you believe that if it would just manifest, the gap would be gone. But the truth is that you then create a new gap by your sense of responsibility for it.
您尚未显现时却失控了，因为您处于缺乏、分离和缺口之中，并且您认为如果它只是显现出来，那么缺口就会消失。但真相是，您因此而产生了新的缺口，这是您对它的责任感所致。

We have said that a great part of this experience is taking full and total responsibility for your life, which includes what you’ve created and what you’ve manifested and your choices and your actions and your behaviors. Then remember, truly, it’s not that big of a deal.
我们说，这次经历中很大一部分是全面且完全对自己的生活负责，包括您所创造的、您所显现的以及您的选择、行为和态度。然后记住，真的，这并不是什么大不了的。

It’s just not that big of a deal. It’s not.
这根本不算什么大问题。不是的。

You are one of billions of beings having the human experience, living the human experience, in the human experience. All of you are creating all the time, and this has been going on for a long, long time and will continue to go on for a long, long time.
您是一亿多拥有人类体验的生灵之一，经历着人类的体验，生活在人类的体验中。你们每个人都在不断地创造，这已经持续了很长时间，并将继续长时间地持续下去。

There are lots of other beings and lots of other dimensions creating as well. It’s endless, always, eternal, ever-present creation. So one simple choice that you made is not that big of a deal.
有很多其他生命体和许多其他维度也在创造之中。这是无休止的，总是永恒的存在与创造。所以您做的那个简单的选择并没有什么大不了的。

One manifestation that you have experienced, no matter how big or little it seems, is really not that big of a deal. But how you perceive it determines the existence of God within it.
一种您已体验过的表现，无论它看起来多么大或小，实际上并非那么重要。但您的感知决定了其中神性的存在。

For example, you couldn’t even count how many trees are on your planet! Yet every single one of them is a manifestation of creation, of the Source. The seed and soil and water and sunlight that created each tree are manifestations of the Source.
例如，您甚至数不清你们星球上有多少棵树！然而，它们每一个都是创造的体现，是源头的体现。创造每一棵树的种子、土壤、水和阳光都是源头的体现。

Now, there was no intelligence trying to control the tree as it was being created. There was no intelligence trying to control it. It was just the pure expression of the Source allowing the seed to become whatever it became.
现在，在树被创造的过程中，没有任何智慧试图控制它。没有智慧试图控制它。这只是源头纯粹的表达，允许种子成为其最终的样子。

There are so many trees, you can’t even count them, but from time to time don’t you notice that you have a favorite tree, that there is this one tree that is your favorite tree? It’s the most beautiful tree.
这里有这么多树木，您甚至数不过来，但时不时地，难道您没有注意到自己最喜欢的一棵树吗？就是那棵您最爱的树。它是最美的树。

It’s the big, beautiful tree in your yard, or it’s the bright, vibrant tree in the park, or it’s the strong, sturdy, old tree in the forest. There are countless trees.
那是您家院子里的那棵又大又美丽的树，或者是公园里那棵明亮、充满活力的树，亦或是森林中那棵强壮、结实的老树。树木数不胜数。

They’re all creation and the Source, but it’s your love of that one tree that makes it special, that makes it holy, that makes it sacred.
他们都是创造和源泉，但正是您那棵树的爱让您觉得它特殊，让它变得神圣，让它变得圣洁。

You decide what is holy and sacred. You decide to experience the existence of the Divine. It’s you. You’re the one deciding the existence of the sacredness, the holiness, the divinity in your reality.
您决定什么是神圣和崇高的。您选择体验至高无上的存在。那是由您决定的。您就是那位决定在现实中神圣、崇高与神性存在的人。

Then you can decide that every tree is holy and sacred even though others could walk by the same trees and not see the existence of God anywhere. They’d think there was nothing special about those trees, that they’re just trees.
然后您可以决定每一棵树都是神圣而圣洁的，尽管其他人可能走过同样的树木却看不到神性的存在。他们会认为那些树木并没有什么特别之处，它们只是普通的树。

Yet you can decide that that tree is holy and sacred, that all the trees are, that the humans are, that the animals are, that the planet is. You can decide that the air you breathe is sacred. You can decide that the air you breathe is holy and divine.
然而，您可以决定那棵树是神圣和圣洁的，所有的树都是，人类是，动物是，地球是。您可以决定您呼吸的空气是神圣的。您可以决定您呼吸的空气是神圣而神圣的。

You can decide that the people in your life are sacred and holy and divine. You can decide that you are. You can choose, you can assume, you can decide to experience the existence of God and the Source in everything instead of denying it.
您可以决定您生命中的那些人神圣、圣洁和神圣。您可以决定您自己是。您可以选择，您可以假设，您可以决定去体验神性和源头在一切事物中的存在，而不是否认它。

And you do that by slowing down, creating space, being present, allowing all that you are.
并且您是通过放慢脚步、创造空间、保持当下，允许您的所有特质实现这一点的。

You can decide to experience the existence of God and the Source in everything by slowing down, creating space, being present, allowing all that you are.
您可以选择通过放慢节奏、创造空间、活在当下，允许您所有存在的东西来体验神性和源泉在一切中的存在。

If you stood across from a tree, and you were looking at it, and you really allowed yourself to be in the moment, if you really sat in the moment in the fullness of all that you are and allowed the space around you to expand and allowed your force field to expand, you would begin to see the energy
如果您站在一棵树对面，注视着它，真正地让自己沉浸在此刻，如果您真的坐在这份完整之中，让周围的空隙扩展，让您的能量场也扩展，您将开始感受到能量

of the tree and that there was almost a liquid-like space around the tree. You would notice that it wasn’t just air——there was something else. There is almost this liquid form around the tree, and you would start to see that form expand. You would start to see an energy around the tree.
关于树的那部分，以及树周围几乎有一种液态的空间。您会注意到那不仅仅是空气——还有别的东西。树周围几乎有一种液体形态，您开始看到这种形态的扩展。您开始看到树周围的能量。

The tree would almost begin to light up, and you would notice the light within you and the field around you, and you would begin to notice that there’s no place that the light is not in the tree or in you. The light is between you, and it is you, and it’s all around you and the tree.
树几乎要开始发光了，您会注意到您内心和周围的光芒，您将开始意识到光无处不在，无论是在树上还是在您身上。光在你们之间，它就是您，它环绕着您和树周围。

If you continued to stay in the presence and allowed the light and opened and allowed the energy, you would feel absolute oneness with the tree. You would tune in to all the knowledge and the wisdom and the consciousness, not only of that tree but of the entire system that is supporting the tree.
如果您继续停留在树木的陪伴中，并让光线和能量自由流动，您将会感受到与树木绝对的统一。您将能够接入所有知识、智慧和意识，不仅来自那棵树本身，还包括支撑这棵树的整个系统。

If you sat in that moment and really allowed it, you would experience God in yourself, in the tree, in everything that created it, in everything that created you. You would feel into it with such awareness that it was a holy experience, a sacred experience.
如果您在那个时刻坐下来，真正地让它发生，您会在自己、在树中、在创造它的每一事物中、在创造您的每一事物中体验到神性。您会如此觉察到它，感觉这是一个神圣的经历，一种圣洁的经历。

It was ultimate creation, ultimate creation without any control, without any lack or separation, allowing the fullness of all that you are, allowing creation with ease and grace in the most expansive, beautiful, impeccable way.
这是终极创造，无任何控制的终极创造，无任何缺乏或分离，允许您所有的充实性，以最宽广、美丽、完美的方式轻松而优雅地进行创造。

That can be experienced with everything, with anything, with people, with yourself. In any situation there is an untapped expression of the Divine. A holy moment is always available to you. It’s just a matter of whether you’re perceiving the existence of God in your reality of All That Is.
可以体验在一切事物、任何事物、他人和自我之中。在任何情况下，都有未被发掘的神性表达。神圣的时刻始终向您开放。这仅仅取决于您是否在您的“所有存在”现实中感知到神性的存在。

If you want to experience more magic in your life, it starts by how you experience your life. Are you experiencing everything around you for the magic that it is? Magic, the unseen power, the unexplainable power, the existence of something beyond logic——it exists in everything.
如果您想要在生活中体验更多魔法，那就从如何体验生活开始。您是否正在感受周围的每一件事物的魔力？魔法，那看不见的力量，那不可解释的力量，超越逻辑的存在——它存在于一切之中。

This is a shifting of your perspective, a raising of your consciousness and awareness. We are here to expand the potential and possibilities for your life experience, and in that you yourself will illuminate the potential for humankind.
这是您视角的转移，是您意识和意识的提升。我们在此旨在拓展您生命体验的可能性和可能性，而在其中，您自身将照亮人类潜能的光明。

You seed human consciousness with a new potential and possibility.
您将新的潜力和可能性播撒于人类意识之中。

You’re going to see an acceleration. You’re going to see a quickening. Your ability to navigate that with ease and grace will be determined by how much control you exert on creation and reality and All That Is.
您将看到一种加速。您会看到一种加快。您能轻松优雅地应对这种变化的能力将由您对创造、现实以及所有存在的控制程度来决定。

If you are experiencing the acceleration and trying to control others, situations, and manifestation, you will create resistance and the feeling of being out of control.
如果您正在经历加速并试图控制他人、情境和体现，您将产生阻力以及失去控制的感受。

When you can allow creation without needing to control it because you totally trust your own ability to stay open and allow energy to light the way and guide the way, then you no longer need or want to control at all.
当您能够允许创造而不需要控制它，因为您完全信任自己保持开放和让能量照亮道路、指引方向的能力时，您便不再需要或想要进行任何控制。

Just bringing this into your awareness will shift it for you, will make it easier. We bring it into your awareness because of your trajectory at this time, because of what is in your field and what is moving into your experience.
仅仅让你们意识到这一点，就能为你们改变它，会让它变得更容易。我们把它带到你们面前，是因为你们现在的轨迹，因为你们的领域里有什么，以及什么正在进入你们的经验之中。

The acceleration you asked for, the quickening you asked for, the up-leveling you asked for, the next level of creation you asked for, let it come. Let it come with ease and grace. Do not try to control it, or you will feel out of control.
您请求的加速，您请求的迅速变化，您请求的提升层次，您请求的下一阶段的创造，让它来吧。让它轻松优雅地到来。不要试图控制它，否则您会感到失控。

Do not try to control it. Allow it. Allow yourself to be all that you are. Allow your reality to grow and expand. Allow yourself to express all that you are. Allow yourself to live fully in Heaven on Earth. Allow yourself to love fully.
不要试图控制它。允许它。允许自己成为全部的您。允许您的现实成长和扩展。允许自己表达全部的您。允许自己在人间天堂中充分生活。允许自己全心去爱。

Allow yourself to be all that you are with no resistance, no control, no expectation, and no need to figure it all out, and you will feel one of the greatest shifts you’ve experienced in your life so far.
允许自己全然成为您所是，没有任何反抗、控制、期待和探求一切的需求，您将会感受到迄今为止生活中经历过的最大转变。

You will literally see your entire reality up-leveling to a whole new state of existence and experience.
您将字面上看到您的整个现实提升到一个全新的存在和体验状态。

Allow yourself to be all that you are, and you will see your entire reality up-leveling to a whole new state.
让自己成为您本来的样子，您就会看到您的整个现实提升到一个全新的状态。

Stay open, stay allowing, and let energy guide the way. Don’t try to control it.
保持开放，保持允许，让能量引导方向。不要试图控制它。

When you feel out of control, the most important thing you can do is stop, take a breath, come back into the fullness of all that you are, put some space around yourself, feel your connection opening and allowing energy, move back into the light, move back into the awareness of the force field, let
当您感到失去控制时，您能做的最重要的事情是停止、呼吸、回到您全部自我的充实之中，为自己留出空间，感受您的连接正在打开并允许能量的流动，回归光明，回归力量场的意识，让

energy guide the way, and let the light guide the way. Then, you will navigate this incredible time in the most harmonious way. And so it is.
能源指引道路，让光明引领前行。然后，您将以最和谐的方式导航这段不可思议的时光。如此便成。

You really are in incredible, incredible times. We know it’s not always easy, but it can continue to get easier, lighter, freer, more delightful, more enjoyable, more harmonious, more exciting. You are everything you wish to be. You already are. We truly honor you for who you are.
您真的处在一个难以置信、令人惊叹的时代。我们知道这并不总是容易，但它可以继续变得更容易、更轻松、更自由、更愉快、更有乐趣、更和谐、更激动人心。您就是您所希望成为的一切。您已经做到了。我们真心尊敬您是谁。

There is great love here for you always.
这里永远对您充满爱。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES 关键信息

Everything is the expression of God. It is your perception of it that determines how you experience God in reality.
万物都是神性的表达。您对它的感知决定了您在现实中如何体验神性。

You’re denying the light that’s trying to guide you, and you’re holding yourself in limitation because you think you should, because you feel responsible.
您拒绝那些试图指引您的光明，并且因为觉得自己应该这样，觉得有责任，所以将自己束缚在限制之中。

When you can get back to allowing the purity, the possibility, and the power that is in everything, you will align to the highest potential of any situation.
当您能够回归允许一切事物中存在的纯净、可能性和力量时，您将与任何情况的最高的可能性对齐。

You want it to feel choiceless. You want it to just be clear and obvious and feel so aligned that there’s absolute clarity, absolute confidence, absolute certainty, and that you just know.
您希望它让人觉得没有选择。您希望它简单明了，感觉如此一致，以至于绝对清晰、绝对自信、绝对确定，而且您知道。

When you’re trying to control the manifestation——when, how, who——you feel out of control, which causes a great amount of trauma, drama, and suffering in your creation.
当您试图控制显现——何时、如何、谁——您会感到失控，这在您的创造中造成了大量创伤、戏剧和苦难。

You can decide to experience the existence of God and the Source in everything by slowing down, creating space, being present, allowing all that you are.
您可以选择通过放慢节奏、创造空间、保持在场以及允许自我全部存在来体验神和源泉在万物中的存在。



CHAPTER 9 NAVIGATING CURRENT EVENTS WITH PEACE AND GRACE以平和与优雅应对时事

In this chapter, The Council shares a broader perspective of the transformation occurring on the planet and the importance of living consciously during this time of awakening.
在这一章中，Council分享了对地球上发生的变革的更广阔视角以及在这觉醒时代的有意识生活的意义。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to speak with you all about important times when you are called to navigate through incredible transformations on every level that is visible to the human eye.
我们非常高兴并荣幸有机会与大家讨论那些你们被召唤去通过可见于人类眼睛的各个层面进行令人难以置信的转变的重要时刻。

Whether it is a very personal experience or some global event, there will be times when you encounter rapid change.
无论是极个人化的经历还是某些全球事件，都会有遭遇快速变化的时候。

Look around at your planet and you will notice that you are seeing transformation moving itself into form at an unprecedented rate. You are seeing the Great Awakening of your human family. You are seeing the next phase of transformation and the elevation of human consciousness.
环顾您所在的星球，您会发现您正见证着前所未有的转型正在形成之中。您见证了人类家族的伟大觉醒。您看到了下一个阶段的转变和人类意识的提升。

No matter how it may appear at any time, this is not chaos. Nothing has gone wrong here. This is an opportunity. This is a response to a grander desire or intention, and an asking for balance, for consciousness, and for transformation.
无论何时看起来如何，这都不是混乱。这里没有出错。这是一个机会。这是对更伟大愿望或意图的回应，是寻求平衡、意识和变革的呼唤。

We invite you first and foremost to remember that there is a grander plan. There is always more going on in your experience than you can see.
我们首先邀请您记住，有一个更大的计划。在您的经历中，总有一些您看不见的事情在进行。

If you will stay in a state of peace, if you will stay in a state of internal harmony and balance, you will be consciously guided——not only in navigating these times, but consciously guided in your awareness that more is going on here than may be understood by those around you or within the mass conscious collective.
如果您能保持平和的状态，如果能保持在内心的和谐与平衡之中，您将会得到有意识的指引——不仅是在应对这些时局的过程中，更会在您的意识中明确地知道这里发生的事情远比您周围的人或大众意识所理解的要多。

The experiences of your life and of your world are bringing balance on many levels.
您的人生经历以及您的世界体验在多个层面上带来平衡。

For an example of navigating change while holding a grander perspective, let’s consider the experience of a widespread virus. First, take the concept of viruses altogether, which in their very existence restore balance to systems.
例如，在保持更广阔视野的同时进行变革导航，让我们以广泛传播的病毒为例。首先，考虑病毒的总体概念，其存在本身就使系统恢复平衡。

Viruses bring balance with an “out with the old, in with the new” sort of cleaning up of systems and making way for expansion, evolution, and a new environment to emerge.
病毒通过“去旧迎新”的方式清理系统，为扩张、进化和新的环境出现开辟道路，实现平衡。

If you are in such an experience, do not push against, do not go into resistance, and do not make the virus itself wrong. It is not.
如果您处于这样的经历中，不要对抗，不要抵抗，也不要将病毒本身视为错误。它不是。

Do not choose and decide to go into judgment of good or bad or right or wrong and try to eliminate something that you believe from a limited human perspective is going wrong.
请勿选择并决定评判是非、善恶，试图消除您从有限的人类角度认为错误的事物。

In that case, some of you may ask why we didn’t prophesize or forecast these events in great detail.
在这种情况下，你们中的一些人可能会问我们为什么没有对这些事件进行详细地预言或预测。

We are always preparing you for what is coming into your reality and providing you with wisdom and guidance to help you navigate through any experience more gracefully and more easily from a level of consciousness that is always available to you.
我们始终在为您即将进入的现实做好准备，并为您提供智能和指导，帮助您从意识层面更优雅、更容易地应对任何经历。

We know that those of you who may ask that question would do so because you found yourself in fear, you found yourself in the chaos, you found yourself in resistance in the moment. From that state you would then ask us, Why did you not tell us months ago?
我们知道，那些可能提出这个问题的你们之所以会这么做，是因为您发现自己处于恐惧之中，您发现自己陷入混乱，您发现自己在那个时刻产生了阻力。从那种状态中，您就会问我们：“为什么你们没有几个月前就告诉我们？”

We say, because then you would have had the same reaction months ago. You would have had three months of fear, three months of resistance, three months of reaction instead of feeling those emotions just in the present moment.
我们这么说，因为那时您本该就有同样的反应了。您本该有三个月的恐惧、三个月的抵抗、三个月的反应，而不是仅仅在当下体验那些情绪。

We also say that the next thing you would have thought is, How do we prevent this? How do we get rid of this? You would have gone into judgment that the foretold experience was bad. You would have gone into reaction and tried to eliminate it, tried to fight it.
我们还会说，接下来您可能会想的是，我们该如何防止这个？我们该如何消除它？您会对所预言的经历做出负面的评价。您会产生反应，试图消除它，试图与其抗争。

That is not what is asked of you in experiences of great change. What is asked of you more than ever is to stay conscious, stay present, practice all that you know, be in peace, and create an entire field of peace within and around your being.
这不是在经历巨大变革时对您的要求。现在比以往更需要您保持清醒，保持当下，实践您所知的一切，维持平静，在您的存在内部和周围创造一个完整的和平领域。


What is asked of you is to stay conscious and to create an entire field of peace within and around your being.
您所被要求的是保持清醒，并在您的身心内外创造一片和平的领域。

There are always changes occurring in the field. No matter when you are reading this, change is always occurring. Change is always going to happen.
总在领域中发生着变化。无论您何时阅读这篇文章，变化总是发生的。变化总是会发生的。

We want you to get really good at navigating change with ease and grace and balance and harmony and peace and joy and an ability to hold a grander, higher perspective of whatever is happening around you, instead of going into mass conscious fear.
我们希望您能轻松优雅地适应变化，保持平衡和谐与和平喜悦，同时拥有从更高更广阔的角度看待周围发生事物的能力，而不是陷入集体恐慌。

Whatever you are feeling in the moment is what you are contributing to human consciousness. If in this moment you are in fear, you are adding to the fear. If there is chaos within you at this moment, you are adding to the chaos.
无论此刻您感到什么，那都是您对人类意识的贡献。如果在此时您感到恐惧，您就是在增加恐惧。如果此刻您内心有混乱，您就在增加混乱。

Not only are you adding to the mass conscious chaos and fear, you are stressing the body. You are creating resistance within your own body, which will then seek balance.
不仅您在加剧大众意识混乱和恐惧，您还让身体承受压力。您正在自己体内制造抵抗，它将会寻求平衡。

The greatest thing you can do is remember that anytime you are in resistance, you are causing pain to yourself. Any type of resistance creates pain——emotional, physical, mental.
最伟大的事情是记住，无论何时您感到抵触，您都在给自己造成痛苦。任何形式的抵触都会产生痛苦——情感上的、身体上的、心理上的。

When you are in resistance or you are experiencing stress, you are adding a great amount of density and disease to the body, and imbalance occurs. The most important thing you can do is be in peace, breathe, smile, laugh, and be uplifted.
当您处于抵抗状态或经历压力时，您正在向身体添加大量密度和疾病，失衡发生。您可以做的最重要的事情就是保持平静，呼吸，微笑，大笑，并感到振奋。

You can absolutely choose to elevate yourself beyond any experience of imbalance. You can choose to elevate your consciousness beyond the dimension or the density of experience where the imbalance is occurring.
您绝对可以选择超越任何失衡的经历。您可以选择提升您的意识，超脱失衡发生的经历维度或密度。

You can absolutely choose to elevate your consciousness out of the experience or the dimension or the level of density where the imbalance is occurring.
您可以绝对选择提升您的意识，脱离正在发生不平衡的经验、维度或密度层级。

If you elevate your consciousness and awareness, you will elevate your vibration, and your body will follow. You can choose not to participate in fear, in chaos, in stress, in disease, and in imbalance. You can choose to stay balanced. You can choose to stay in peace.
如果您提升您的意识和觉悟，您将提升您的振动频率，您的身体也将随之而改变。您可以选择不参与恐惧、混乱、压力、疾病和失衡。您可以选择保持平衡。您可以选择保持平静。

You can choose to see any such event or experience in your personal life or around the world as a gift, and you can choose to be a wayshower and to guide others to navigate that time with greater ease and grace.
您可以选择将您个人生活中的任何此类事件或经历，或者全世界范围内的此类事件，看作是一种礼物；您也可以选择成为引领者，引导他人更轻松、更优雅地度过那段时光。

No matter when you are reading this, know that there is more to come. There is always more to come. We do not say that to scare you or to overwhelm you. We say that to inspire you.
无论何时您阅读这段文字，都要知道还有更多。永远都有更多。我们这样说不是要吓唬您或让您感到压倒性，而是要激励您。

You can choose to see experiences in your life and your world as devastation, or you can choose to see them as opportunities.
您可以选择将您生活中的经历和您的世界视为破坏，或者您也可以选择将它们看作是机会。

During such times, many people react to things they see or encounter——such as widespread fear of isolation or of lack and scarcity, watching economic markets and the news——and go into a state of panic or stress, which creates a response within the human body of fight or flight.
在这样的时候，很多人会对他们所见或遭遇的事物做出反应——比如对孤独或缺乏和稀缺的普遍恐惧，关注经济市场和新闻——并进入一种恐慌或压力状态，这会在人体内产生战斗或逃跑的反应。

That is a very basic humanistic response to stress and fear. You go into survival mode, fight or flight.
这是对压力和恐惧的一种非常基础的人文反应。您进入生存模式，战斗或逃跑。

When you do that, you significantly lower your level of consciousness, your level of intelligence, and your level of awareness, which moves you into an environment, a state of consciousness, and an experience where you feel helpless, victimized, and out of control.
当您这样做时，您会显着降低您的意识水平、智力水平和意识水平，这使您进入一个环境，一种意识状态和一种体验，让您感到无助、受伤害且失去控制。

You are trying to grasp at any ability to control, and you will find yourself having a very chaotic experience.
您试图抓住任何控制的能力，您会发现自己在经历一个非常混乱的过程。

There is a level of consciousness and awareness available to you, and you can choose at any time to elevate yourself out of fight-or-flight mode into alignment, awareness, and a state of fully opening and allowing energy to guide you.
有意识与觉悟的程度供您选择，您可以在任何时候提升自己，从战斗或逃跑模式进入调整、觉知以及完全开放和允许能量引导您的状态。

Energy will always guide the way for you if you will allow it, but energy and light cannot guide you if you are in fight-or-flight mode.
如果允许，能量将永远指引您的道路；但如果处于战斗或逃跑模式，能量和光明都无法指引您。

You can choose at any time to elevate yourself into alignment, awareness, and a state of fully opening and allowing energy to guide you. Energy will always guide the way for you if you will allow it.
您可以随时选择提升自己进入对齐、觉知和完全开放及允许能量引导您的状态。如果您愿意，能量将始终为您指引方向。

When there is mass conscious hysteria and fear in the media, it can cause you to move into a dimension of consciousness where you are not rationally evaluating and choosing within your experience. We understand that these situations and events are very real on your planet as they occur.
当媒体中出现大众的集体恐慌和恐惧时，这可能会让您进入一种意识维度，在那里您不会在您的经验中进行理性评估和选择。我们理解在这些情况下发生的事件对你们星球来说是非常真实的。

We do not disagree. We also understand that there is often hype around them or a fear associated with them that contributes to creating a frenzy. The frenzy then readily allows a perspective or a way of perceiving information that creates a great amount of unconsciousness, reaction, and resistance.
我们并无异议。我们也明白，围绕它们的往往有很多炒作或者与之相关的恐惧，这有助于激发狂热情绪。这种狂热情绪又很容易导致形成一种视角或信息接收方式，从而产生大量无意识、反应和抵抗。

When you take in information from fight-or-flight mode, that state does not allow you to navigate the information rationally and reasonably in a way that you do not go into fear.
当您从战斗或逃跑模式中吸收信息时，那种状态不允许您以合理和理性的方式处理信息，以免陷入恐惧。

Many of you have come to a level of consciousness and awareness where, when you’re really in the knowing, you are not afraid of death.
许多人已经达到一个意识和认知的水平，当您真正获得知识时，您对死亡不再感到恐惧。

Yet the frenzy and the media attention around a particular event can still create a sudden fear where all at once you are afraid of your own death, and if you’re not afraid of your own death then you’re afraid of your parents’ deaths or your friends’ deaths.
然而，围绕某个特定事件的疯狂和媒体关注仍然可以瞬间产生恐惧，您突然害怕自己的死亡，如果您不怕自己的死亡，那么您就怕您父母的死亡或朋友的死亡。

Then you can find yourself in hysterical fear of death or of how you’re going to die or of suffering.
然后您会陷入对死亡的歇斯底里恐惧，或者是对您将如何死去或遭受痛苦的恐惧。

We remind you, because it’s really important, that the experience you call death is merely a transition. In one breath someone transitions out of the density of the human body and into pure blissful, all-knowing love.
我们提醒您，因为这真的非常重要，您所谓的死亡只是个过渡阶段。在呼吸之间，有人从人体的密集状态转变到纯净、满足所有知识的爱之中。

If one is choosing to make their transition through some particular event, you must remember that you will cause your own suffering if you think you know what another soul’s journey should be. You do not. You do not, just like with any other transition, just like in any other experience.
如果一个人选择通过某个特定的事件来完成转变，您必须记住，如果您认为您知道另一个灵魂的旅程应该是什么样子，您将会给自己带来痛苦。您不是知道的，就像任何其他转变一样，就像在任何其他经历中一样。

There are many people who contract with particular events or circumstances to make their transitions when their experiences here in human form are complete. Honor that. Don’t try to go into a frenzy and control it or prevent it.
有许多人会将特定的活动或情境与他们的人间体验结束时的转变联系起来。尊重这一点。不要试图陷入狂热，控制它或阻止它。

You have the ability to stay conscious and present.
您有能力保持清醒并专注于当下。

You have the wisdom, you have the information, you have the knowledge, you have the skills, and you have the tools to rise above the fear and the chaos and to be wayshowers of a better way during events or situations that may be considered challenging.
您拥有智慧，您掌握了信息，您拥有了知识，您具备技能，而且您还拥有了应对恐惧和混乱的工具，能够在可能被视为具有挑战性的事件或情境中成为引领更好方式的指引者。

Those are the times that you matter, your choices matter, your consciousness matters, and your ability to stay present and in your heart and allow energy to guide you matters. It matters now, and it matters more than ever during times of great change.
这些是那些您很重要的时刻，您的选择很重要，您的意识很重要，您保持当下和内心以及让能量引导您的能力也很重要。现在很重要，在伟大的变革时期，它比以往任何时候都更重要。

Those are the times that you can really live everything you know.
那是您可以真正体验您所知一切的时光。

We say this with such great love. Do not entangle with the suffering, with the chaos, with the trauma, with the fear, with the frenzy.
我们满怀深情地说。不要与痛苦、混乱、创伤、恐惧和疯狂纠缠在一起。

If you are feeling any of those things, you are choosing to go down into the fear and the density instead of staying in your truth, in your knowing, and in your power, and there’s no judgment from our side ever.
如果您感觉到任何那些东西，您是在选择进入恐惧和密度之中，而不是停留在您的真相、您的知识和您的力量中，我们这边永远不会对您有任何评判。

We remind you that you are the wayshowers, that you are here to help bring about great change. You are here to help guide your beloved human family through the greatest awakening of human consciousness that has ever occurred on your planet. You cannot do that if you are in fear.
我们提醒您，您是引领者，您在这里是为了带来巨大变革。您在此帮助引导您深爱的人类家族通过地球上发生过的最大的人类意识觉醒。如果您处于恐惧之中，那就无法做到这一点。

You cannot do that if you yourself are in a state of chaos. You do it by consciously rising above whatever may be happening to a state of awareness where the fear and the chaos do not exist and therefore the specifics of the situation are not significant.
您若自身处于混乱状态，就不能这样做。您需要通过有意识地超越可能发生的任何情况，进入一个恐惧和混乱不存在的意识状态，因此情况的细节并不重要。


You are here to help guide your human family through the greatest awakening that has ever occurred on your planet.
您在此是为了引导您的家人人类经历地球上发生过的最大觉醒。

There are often questions about particular entities, circumstances, and events as they arise or come into your awareness.
常常会有关于特定实体、情况和事件的疑问，随着它们的出现或进入您的意识。

We’ll begin by telling you that everything is infinite intelligence, no different than you, no different than the animal kingdom, no different than the plant kingdom, no different than the star systems——no different. Everything is part of the existence of the Divine. It is part of something greater.
我们首先告诉您，一切都是无限智慧，与你们无别，与动物王国无别，与植物王国无别，与星系无异——没有区别。一切都是神圣存在的一部分，是更大事物的一部分。

It has a purpose, just like you. Whatever it may be, it has a purpose for being part of the current experience, just like everything else on this planet at this time. It has a purpose.
它有目的，就像您一样。无论是什么，它都有成为当前体验一部分的目的，就像这个星球上现在的一切一样。它有目的。

You cause your own suffering when you think you know what another’s purpose is, what another soul’s purpose is, what another system of existence is here to do.
当您认为您知道另一个人的目的，另一个灵魂的目的，另一个存在的系统在这里要做的事情时，您是在给自己带来痛苦。

We invite you into a radical way of thinking about these things, although somewhere inside of you it will feel more like truth than a radical truth. Whatever you may be thinking of, encountering, or experiencing, it has an intelligence. It has a purpose for being here. It is of the Divine.
我们邀请您以激进的方式思考这些事物，虽然在您内心的某个地方，它可能感觉更像是真理而不是激进的真理。无论您可能正在思考、遇到或经历什么，它都拥有智慧。它在这里存在有其目的。它是神圣的。

It is of infinite intelligence. It is of God.
它是无尽的智慧，它是神性的。

In many cases, there is an available awareness upfront that statistically, measurably, based on numbers and mathematics, the situation is not as out of control, deadly, horrific, or terrible as your media may make it out to be.
在许多情况下，人们一开始就清楚，根据统计数据、测量结果和数字及数学计算，情况并不像媒体所描述的那么失控、致命、恐怖或可怕。

There are reasons why that occurs, and we do not contribute to beliefs in conspiracy. If you believe that to be your truth, so it is.
有一些原因导致这种现象发生，我们并不参与阴谋论的信仰。如果您相信这是您的真相，那它就是的。

However, we would say that the reason for the media’s representation of things is that they are reflecting where most people’s consciousness and thinking and power lie, which is in giving control to someone outside of them, giving control to everything outside of them, feeling helpless and powerless.
然而，我们会说媒体对事物的呈现原因在于它们反映了大多数人意识、思维和力量所在之处，即将控制权交给他们之外的人，将一切控制权交给他们之外的事物，感到无助和无能。

When you turn up the knob a little bit, as we said, things are going to get accelerated. Things are going through a quickening. You are going to see a quickening occurring, and when you accelerate anything, you will get more of what is really there.
当您稍微拧动旋钮，正如我们所说，事情将变得加速。事物正在经历一种加速。您会看到发生加速的现象，而当您加速任何事物时，您将获得更多真正存在的东西。

If it’s fear, fear will come to the surface faster. The chaos will come to the surface faster, the love will come to the surface faster, or the peace will come to the surface faster——whatever is really there.
如果它是对恐惧，那么恐惧会更快地浮现出来。混乱会更快地浮现出来，爱会更快地浮现出来，或平静会更快地浮现出来——无论真正存在的是什么。

Anytime you have a media frenzy, you tend to look at it, and if you are in fear or if you are in fight or flight, you will not choose the conscious view. You will not stay open. You will not see the grander perspective or the higher viewpoint.
无论何时您有媒体狂热现象，您都会去关注它；如果您感到恐惧或处于战斗或逃跑状态，您就不会选择有意识的视角。您不会保持开放的心态。您看不到更广阔的视野或更高的观点。

We remind you to be aware that the numbers and the mathematics are often not equal to the level of frenzy and chaos that is being experienced.
我们提醒您注意，数字和数学往往并不等同于所经历的热狂与混乱的水平。

We also remind you that everything, everything, if you choose to see it this way, is the existence of the Divine, is the existence of God, is the existence of some grander plan. Will you deny the existence of God within you and your ability to navigate a situation or event?
我们也提醒您，一切，所有的一切，如果您选择这样看待的话，都是神的存在，是神性的存在，是一些更宏伟的计划的存在。您是否否认了您内心中神性的存在以及您应对局势或事件的能力？

Will you deny the existence of God in others and their ability to navigate an experience? Will you deny the existence of God in the situation and decide that it’s terrible and awful and things are out of control, or will you stay in the knowing, in the greater awareness of what’s really going on?
您将否定他人有神性的存在以及他们能够处理经历的能力吗？您会否定在情况中神性的存在，并决定这是可怕的、令人厌恶的，事情失控了吗？还是您会停留在了解之中，停留在对真正发生的事情更加清醒的认识之中？

As we said, it is the feeling of being out of control that causes a great amount of your discomfort and discord, the feeling of losing your freedom to do what you want to do when you want to do it or your freedom to be who you are.
正如我们所说，是失去控制感导致您感到极大的不适和混乱，是当您想要做某事时却无法自由去做、或者是您丧失了做自己想成为的人的自由。

We assure you there is absolutely no possible way whatsoever that an event or a set of circumstances or a government can take your freedom or your ability to maintain a level of openness and allowing such that you always have everything you need and more.
我们向您保证，没有任何可能的方式，无论事件、一系列情况或政府都无法剥夺您的自由或维持一定开放程度的权利，使得您总能拥有所需的一切甚至更多。

Your government could even decide that you cannot move about your community or your town, and you could feel out of control and stuck or unfree to do what you wish to do.
您的政府甚至可能决定您不能在社区或城镇内自由活动，您可能会感到失去控制、被困或者无法做自己想做的事情。

Yet in that situation, most of you would feel a lack of freedom more so because of the thoughts that you are thinking than because of anything your government had imposed on you. You only find freedom through your thinking.
然而，在那个情况下，你们大多数人会感到更加缺乏自由，这主要是因为你们的所思而非政府强加给你们的东西。你们只有通过思考才能找到自由。

Your thoughts, your feelings, your state of consciousness are the only places where you will find freedom. When your mind and your consciousness and your awareness find freedom, your body will feel free, balanced, and at ease.
您的思想，您的感情，您的意识状态是唯一您能找到自由的地方。当您的心灵、意识和觉知感受到自由时，您的身体会感到自由、平衡和舒适。


You only find freedom through your thinking and your state of consciousness. When your mind and your consciousness and your awareness find freedom, your body will feel free, balanced, and at ease.
您只能通过您的思考和意识状态找到自由。当您的心灵、意识和觉知感受到自由时，您的身体会感到自在、平衡和解放。


There is frequently a great amount of focus on control, on controlling things, on controlling circumstances, on controlling people, and that usually leads to the feeling of being out of control or of not having control. We want to remind you that this is not so. You absolutely have a choice.
频繁地，人们关注控制，关注对事物的控制，关注对环境的控制，关注对他人的控制，而这通常会使人感到失去控制或无法掌控。我们想提醒您，事实并非如此。您绝对有选择权。

You can choose to entangle with any situation, and you can choose to rise above it. You can choose to be at peace. You can choose to see whatever happens as a gift and an opportunity. The truth is, that is the only way. Really.
您可以选择陷入任何情况，您也可以选择超越它。您可以选择保持平静。您可以选择将发生的一切视为礼物和机会。事实是，那才是唯一的方式。真的。

Here’s the best part.
这里是最好的部分。

We have told you time and time again that one of you fully opening and allowing the power of the Source to flow through you, one of you in an elevated state of consciousness, allowing the highest vibration of the truth of who you are, one of you fully standing in your power with an open heart, in a
我们一次又一次地告诉你们，你们中有人完全打开并允许源头力量通过你们流动，你们中有人处于提升的觉知状态，让你们是谁的最高频率的真实性振动，你们中有人充分站立在自己的力量之中，心怀开放，在……

state of peace and love and freedom and harmony, is more powerful than millions who are not.
和平、爱与自由和谐的状态，比那些不如此的人更加强大。

No matter what may or may not be happening around you, this is the time——more than ever before——for you to stand in your power, shine your light, be all that you are, and maintain the highest level of consciousness, which means maintaining absolute balance within you and around you. If there is balance within you, there will be balance around you.
无论周围发生与否，这是您站到您力量所在、散发您的光芒、成为您本是的时刻——比以往任何时候都重要。保持最高的意识水平，意味着在内心及周围维持绝对平衡。若您内心有平衡，那么周围也会有平衡。

There are countless reasons for your feeling the way you do in a situation. Perhaps your friends or family are afraid or even freaking out about an event. You may feel vulnerable or susceptible, or you may be concerned that someone you care about is at risk.
无数原因使您处于某种情况下的感受如此。或许您的朋友或家人对某个事件感到恐惧，甚至惊慌失措。您可能觉得脆弱易感，或者您可能担心您关心的人有危险。

However, if you are choosing to entangle with the fear, then in that moment you are adding to the fear.
然而，如果您选择与恐惧纠缠，那么在那个时刻，您正在增加恐惧。

As we have said, those feelings of unconsciousness will be more awful than ever before because you have been in the truth, you have been at the highest levels of consciousness and awareness, and you know who you are. Be all that you are. Be the wayshowers of a better way.
如同我们所说，那些无意识的情感将比以往任何时候都要可怕，因为您已经身处真理之中，您已经达到了意识与觉知的最高层次，您知道您是谁。成为您所能成为的一切。成为引领更好道路的引领者。

Take a breath and get into a place of peace within you. Peace does not come from out there. It comes from within you. It’s an alignment to the peace that is within you.
深呼吸，进入您内心的平和之地。平和不是来自外界，它源自于您的内心。这是一种与内心平和的协调一致。

Regardless of circumstances or appearances, there is no need for you to buy into frenzy or fear. You do not have to entangle with anything.
无论情况如何或外表如何，您不需要陷入恐慌或恐惧。您不必与任何事情纠缠不清。

In any experience that you or others might consider challenging, the most important thing that you can do is, first and foremost, remember the process of creating what you want more of within you and in the field around you. If others are in fear, don’t perpetuate the fear. Don’t go down into fear.
在任何您或他人可能认为具有挑战性的经历中，最重要的是首先记住在您内心和您周围的环境中创造更多所渴望的东西的过程。如果他人感到恐惧，不要延续这种恐惧。不要沉入恐惧之中。

Don’t contribute to chaos. Stop, take a breath, come back to a conscious place in the here and now, and ask yourself, What is it that I want? I want peace for them. I want balance. I want harmony. I want ease——whatever it is. I want freedom.
不要助长混乱。停下，呼吸一下，回到此时此地的清醒状态，问问自己，我想要什么？我想给他们带来和平。我想拥有平衡。我想达到和谐。我想获得宁静——无论那是什么。我想自由。

Then go into your heart, find the peace that is within you, and align to that peace.
然后进入您的内心，找到您内心的平静，并与那和平对齐。

If you really want to do something to help your human family during such an experience or at any time——because one of you who is connected to the truth and the power within you is more powerful than millions who are not——then go within you and find the peace that lies within you.
如果您真的想在这样的一次经历中或者任何时候帮助您的人类家族——因为你们中间有一个人与你们内在的真实和力量相连接，这个人比数以百万计的没有这种连接的人更强大——那么就深入您的内心，找到您内在的平静。

Turn it on, activate it, ignite it. Align every single cell of your body to the state of peace, to the state of freedom, to the state of harmony, to the state of well-being, and see that infused in the light of your being.
开启它，激活它，燃烧它。让您身体的每一个细胞与和平之状态、自由之状态、和谐之状态以及健康之状态对齐，并确保这些状态被融入您的存在之光中。

In the light of your being infuse peace, infuse harmony, infuse balance, infuse freedom. Send it out to the heart of every single person you know and love, every single person you will ever know and love, and every single person that they know and love.
在您的平和、和谐、平衡与自由的照耀下，将它传达给您所知道和爱着的每一个人，每一个您将永远知道和爱的人，以及他们所知道和爱的人。

Sit in your power and see the love and the peace and the harmony and the balance going from your heart through your light to the hearts of everyone, and know that they can remember and awaken to the truth within them to also live in peace and joy and harmony, no matter what is going on out there.
坐在您的力量中，感受爱与和平、和谐与平衡从您内心通过光明流向每个人的心田，并明白他们能够回忆和觉醒内在的真实，也过上平和、喜悦和和谐的生活，无论外面发生什么。

The world around you is a reflection of the world that exists within you. The answer in any situation or experience is consciousness and love and choosing the highest perspective, the highest outcome.
您周围的世界是您内心世界的反映。在任何情况或经历中，答案是意识、爱和选择最高视角、最佳结果。

It is your perspective that will determine whether you experience the highest outcome, the highest good, the highest potential of any and every situation. You can absolutely choose to see it as happening for you, happening for humanity, happening for the planet. And so it is, because it is.
您的观点将决定您是否经历最高结果，最高的善，任何和所有情境的最高潜能。您可以绝对选择将其视为为您发生，为全人类发生，为地球发生。事实确实如此，因为它就是如此。

No matter what it is, it is bringing balance. It is bringing restoration. It is bringing transformation. It is bringing consciousness.
无论是什么，它都在带来平衡。它在恢复。它在转化。它在提升意识。


Your perspective determines whether you experience the highest outcome, the highest potential of any and every situation.
您的观点决定了您是否体验到最高结果，任何和每一情况的最高潜力。

You have been asking for balance with the environment. You have been asking for balance within your human family, and you’ve been asking for balance within your own being. That’s what the events in your world are bringing. You have been asking for consciousness.
您一直在寻求与环境的平衡。您一直在寻求在您的人类家庭内部实现平衡，并且您一直在寻求在自己的内心达到平衡。这就是您世界中的事件所带来的。您一直在寻求意识。

You’ve been asking for transformation, and you have been asking, because you know it’s why you’re here, to see the Great Awakening happen right before your eyes, and so it is.
您一直在寻求变革，您也一直在询问，因为您深知这就是您在此的原因，想要亲眼见证大觉醒的发生，所以确实如此。

If you will stay conscious in your awareness through it all, you will always see the absolute love, the absolute potential here, the absolute highest perspective. Circumstances and events are ushering in the change. They are ushering in the Great Awakening.
如果您在整个过程中保持意识清醒，您将始终看到绝对的爱，在这里看到的绝对潜力，以及绝对最高视角。环境和事件正在迎来变革。它们正在迎来大觉醒。

They are ushering in a more beautiful future. They are ushering in a new paradigm. It’s so important that you stay conscious.
他们正在迎来一个更美好的未来。他们正在开启一个新范式。您保持清醒非常重要。

They can also create a level of survival mode, a level of fight or flight where people do not think reasonably, where people do not think——we’ll even say it——logically, intelligently, or consciously. In that case, many are willing to settle and accept things.
他们也可以创造一种生存模式，一种战斗或逃跑的模式，在这种模式下人们不理智思考，也就是说——我们甚至可以说——非逻辑性、非智能性或非意识性地思考。在这种情况下，许多人愿意妥协并接受事情。

They’re willing to allow things because they’re not staying conscious and they’re not staying present and they’re not staying at a level of balance or awareness.
他们愿意允许事情发生，因为他们没有保持清醒、当下和平衡或意识水平。

This can mean that they’ll allow things that they would never have otherwise allowed by those around them, by political parties, by governments, by a hierarchical power.
这可能意味着他们将允许那些他们原本不会因周围的人、政党、政府或等级制度权力而允许的事情。

It is extremely important that you stay conscious, no matter the circumstances. It is extremely important that you stay in your heart, in your consciousness, in your well-being, and in an internal state of peace and harmony. It is really important.
非常重要，您无论在何种情况下都要保持清醒。非常重要的是，您要留在您的内心、意识、健康中，以及内心的平和与和谐之中。这真的是非常重要的。

It’s really important that you step into being the master that you are and not a fearful human who is in fight or flight, panic, chaos, reaction, suffering, or trauma.
真的很重要，您要成为您本应是的大师，而不是一个处于战斗或逃跑、恐慌、混乱、反应、痛苦或创伤中的恐惧的人类。

It’s really important, especially because your choosing to be in your power throughout these situations allows the potential for you to bring peace and joy and harmony and seed human consciousness in times when it is needed most. That is why you’re here. That is why you’re here.
确实非常重要，尤其是因为在这类情况下选择运用自己的力量可以让您有机会在最为需要的时候带来和平、喜悦和和谐以及播下人类意识的种子。这就是您在这里的原因。这就是您在这里的原因。

That is why you’re here.
这是因为您在这里。

The next 10 years are going to be a global awakening for millions of people, an awakening to who they are, to what’s really going on here, to their connection to the Source, to their connection to one another and to the planet, to energy, to all of the different ecosystems that support them, and to come into balance with them all.

接下来的十年将是数百万人的全球觉醒，一种对他们是谁的觉醒，对这里真正发生的事情的觉醒，对他们与源头的联系、他们彼此之间的联系以及对地球的联系、对能量的觉醒，对所有支持他们的不同生态系统的觉醒，并与所有事物达成平衡。

We don’t say any of that from some level of judging anything at all as wrong or bad or devastating or terrible.
我们不会从某个判断事物绝对错误、恶劣、灾难性或可怕的程度说任何那种话。

When you want to say things like that or you hear things like that or the media reports things like that, we invite you to become aware and to not buy into and contribute to and entangle with the fearful, unconscious survival response.
当您想说类似那样的话或听到类似那样的话或媒体报道类似那样的事情时，我们邀请您保持警觉，不要认同、参与并陷入恐惧的无意识生存反应中。

We want to say with such great love——and we really mean it——you know better. You know better. You know better because you know who you are.
我们想要用如此深厚的爱去说——我们确实是这样想的——您知道得更好。您知道得更好。您知道得更好，因为您知道您是谁。

You know the truth within you of who you are and why you’re here, of how important you are to seeding human consciousness with a higher perspective and a grander possibility of a more harmonious, peaceful, abundant, loving, beautiful world.
您深知自己内心的真实，知道您是谁以及为何而来，明白您对以更高视角播撒人类意识、实现更和谐、和平、丰饶、充满爱的美好世界的可能性是多么重要。

The circumstances do not ever change your ability in any way to choose to live in Heaven on Earth right here, right now, and in every moment. There is magic here for you. There are miracles here for you. There is incredible momentum here for you. There are opportunities here for you.
环境永远不会以任何方式改变您选择在此处、现在、每一个瞬间在人间天堂生活的能力。这里为您提供了魔法，这里有奇迹等待着您，这里有惊人的势头推动着您，这里有无数的机会等待您。

There are gifts here for you. There are blessings here for you. There is love here for you. There is guidance here for you. There is light here for you. It’s all here for you. Everything you could ever need and more is here for you now.
这里有您收到的礼物。这里有为您祝福的话语。这里有对您的爱。这里有给您的指引。这里有照亮您的光明。一切您需要的和更多的，现在都为您准备好。

Every single one of you would tell us that you want to serve, that you want to help people, that you want to make a difference, that you want to create a better world, that you want to see positive change.
每一位都会告诉我们，你们想服务、想帮助他人、想有所作为、想创造更美好的世界、想看到积极的变化。

Yet when you have the opportunity, you often go into fear, suffering, chaos, reaction, survival mode, and fight or flight. Yet you want to help people. You can, and these experiences are your opportunities. They are your times to make a difference. You can do so individually and collectively.
然而，当您有机会时，您常陷入恐惧、痛苦、混乱、反应、生存模式以及战斗或逃跑。但您还想帮助人们。您可以做到，这些经历都是您的机会。这是您改变的时刻。您可以单独行动，也可以集体行动。

We are also here because we promised we would be, to guide you through such things. We are here to stay in the light so that you never forget the way, so that you never forget who you are, so that you never forget how important you are. Now more than ever, stay in peace. Stay in your heart.
我们也在此，因为我们承诺会这样做，来帮助您通过这些事情。我们在这里是要保持在光中，以便您从不会忘记道路，从不会忘记您是谁，从不会忘记您有多重要。现在比以往更加，保持平静。留在您的心中。

Stay open and allow. Find the peace within. Find the harmony within. Be the peace. Be the light. Be the harmony. Be the better way. Be the wayshowers. Be all that you are.
保持开放，允许。在内心找到平静。在内心找到和谐。成为和平。成为光明。成为和谐。成为更好的道路。成为引领者。做您所能做的一切。

If you want to make a difference like never before, then be rare and unique.
如果您想要像以往任何时候一样做出不一样的改变，那就变得稀有而独特。

Be one who is walking around during what most perceive as challenging times with joy in your heart, a sparkle in your eye, and a smile on your face, being uplifting, being lighthearted, being joyful, being hopeful, being happy, being loving, being kind.
成为一个在大多数人认为具有挑战性时期仍然心怀喜悦、眼中闪烁光芒、面带微笑的人，给人以鼓舞，保持轻松愉快，充满希望，幸福快乐，富有爱心，待人善良。

If you want to attract abundance and light and love and joy and connection like never before, be all that you are now more than ever. Be the master that you are. Be in your power. Hold your head up high. Put a smile on your face. Let the light twinkle in your eye.
如果您想吸引前所未有的丰盛、光明、爱和快乐以及联系，那就成为您现在比以往任何时候都更完整的自己。成为您自己的大师。保持您的力量。抬起您的头。在脸上露出微笑。让光芒在您的眼中闪烁。

Let the love of your heart radiate for all to see. You have any and every opportunity to connect more so than ever, here and now, even if the circumstances happen to appear otherwise.
让你们心中的爱光芒四射，让每个人都能看到。现在，您拥有比以往任何时候都多的机会去连接，即使周围的环境看起来并非如此。

Whenever you are reading this is truly an incredible time. Living a magical life is about redefining potentials and possibilities and your ability to create the world you want to live in.
无论何时您阅读这段文字，这都真正是一个令人难以置信的时刻。过上神奇的生活就是重新定义潜能和可能性，以及您创造自己想居住的世界的能

It is more important now than ever that you hold the vision of a New Earth, of Heaven on Earth, of all beings who choose to live in Heaven on Earth experiencing peace, joy, love, abundance, harmony with each other, with the animals, with the land, even with the viruses, the bacteria, the ecosystems,
它现在比以往任何时候都更加重要，你们要保持对一个新的地球、人间的天堂的愿景，让所有选择生活在人间天堂的生命体都能体验到和平、喜悦、爱、丰饶，彼此之间、与动物、与土地、甚至是病毒、细菌、生态系统、所有源自之源的事物达成和谐。

All things are of the Divine and have an intelligence and a purpose for being here.
万物皆源于神，在此存在皆有智慧和目的。


Living a magical life is about redefining potentials and possibilities and your ability to create the world you want to live in. Hold the vision of Heaven on Earth.
过上神奇的生活就是重新定义潜力和可能性，以及您创造自己想要的世界的能力。
怀抱“人间天堂”的愿景。


If you embrace it, bless it, and send it love, any event, situation, or thing can complete its purpose in an expeditious fashion and return to the light where all beings and extensions of the Source will inevitably return. Hear this with great importance.
如果您拥抱它，祝福它，并给它发送爱，任何事件、情况或事物都可以迅速完成它的目的，并返回到所有生命和源头扩展都不可避免地回归的光明之中。请高度重视这句话。

Whatever the circumstance may be, bless it, thank it for coming, send it love, and it will return to the light expeditiously, and with seemingly no explanation other than this one: those who are in their power are more powerful than the millions who are not in their power.
无论情形如何，祝福它，感谢它的到来，送它爱意，它会迅速回归光明，似乎只有这一个解释：处于权力之中的人比那些不处于权力之中的人更有力量。

You will see the situation complete its purpose of bringing balance and restoration and transformation and awakening, and you will witness it return to the light in the most expeditious fashion.
您将看到情况完成其带来平衡、恢复、转变和觉醒的目的，并将见证它以最快的方式回归光明。

Support it in its purpose, bless it in its purpose, love it for a job well done, and it will return to the light with little-to-no explanation. But you will know.
支持它在目的上，祝福它在目的上，因为任务完成得很好而爱它，它会带着几乎不需要解释的光辉回归。但您将知道。

You will know the power that you have, the power of love, the power of consciousness, the power of collective consciousness, the power of each and every one of you holding the highest state of consciousness in a state of pure love.
您将知道您所拥有的力量，爱的力量，意识的力量，集体意识的力量，每一个你们在纯净爱情状态下保持最高意识状态的力量。

Bless it, thank it, love it, and it will return to the light. And if ever again it comes back into your experience or the human experience, you will remember and you will know that it is only here because it has a purpose to serve, just like you. You are here because you have a purpose to serve.
祝福它，感谢它，爱它，它会回归光明。如果它再次出现在您的经历或人类的经历中，您会记得，您会知道它之所以在这里，只是因为它有一个要服务的目的，就像您一样。您在这里是因为您也有一个要服务的目的。

This is your purpose. Live it, love it, and be all that you are. There is nothing to fear. There is no need to pretend you are powerless, no need. There is no need to hold yourself in a lower dimension of consciousness. There is no need to suffer.
这是您的使命。活出它，热爱它，成为您所能的一切。没有什么可怕。没有必要假装自己无能为力，不需要。没有必要让自己陷入意识低维。没有必要去忍受。

Anything that you experience is just an opportunity for you to remember.
任何您所经历的事物都只是您记住的机会。

Whenever you see a slowing down of life’s day-to-day responsibilities or tasks, know that is also for you. During those times there’s something emerging through each and every one of you in the way of your gifts, in the way of your abilities, in the way of your talents, in the way of your wisdom.
无论何时您看到生活中日常责任或任务的放缓，要知道这同样也适用于您。在那段时间里，你们每个人都在以各自的方式展现出您的礼物、能力、才华以及智慧。

Things happen to offer you the opportunity, the time, and the space to allow it in.
事情发生，为您提供机会、时间和空间去接受它。

It’s only then that you can allow it in fully and expeditiously, because you have the time and space to focus on you and your gifts and your connection to the Source, on the awareness and the wisdom that’s coming through you, and on your abilities and your talents——none of which you learned in this human experience, but you are remembering them now.
那时您才能充分而迅速地允许它，因为您有时间和空间专注于您自己、您的天赋以及您对源头的联系，关注通过您而来的意识和智慧，关注您的能力和才华——这些都不是您在人类体验中学到的，但您现在正在回忆它们。

See the slowing down as space and time that you are gifted, that you are granted, and receive it. Let it be joyful. Let it be fun. Have fun with it. That does not mean you stop playing, and it certainly doesn’t mean you stop creating. You are creating every moment, whether you know it or not.
看到放缓的空间和时间，这是您得到的礼物，是赋予您的恩赐，接受它。让它充满喜悦。让它变得有趣。尽情享受它。这并不意味着您停止玩耍，当然更不是意味着您停止创造。无论您是否知道，您在每一刻都在创造。

You’re either creating more fear or chaos, or you’re creating peace and a better world and a New Earth and the opportunity for humanity, if they so choose, to elevate their consciousness and therefore their experience to a state of pure love, pure light, oneness, total harmony, total balance, and total freedom. And so it is.

您是在制造更多的恐惧和混乱，或者您正在创造和平、更美好的世界和新的地球，以及人类有机会选择提升他们的意识状态，从而将他们的体验提升至纯净的爱、纯净的光明、统一、完全和谐与完全平衡的自由。就是这样。

We bring this message to you with great love for you. We bring this message to you with great respect for you.
我们怀着对您深深的爱意，向您传达这条信息。我们怀着对您极大的尊敬之情，向您传递这条信息。

We bring this message to you with our sincerest gratitude for your courage, for stepping into the human experience, for being the wayshowers that you are, for bringing about the greatest change and the Great Awakening of humanity at an unprecedented rate unseen before.
我们怀着最诚挚的感激之情，将这条信息带给您，感谢您的勇气、进入人类体验、作为你们这样的指引者，以及以前所未有的速度带来最大的变革和人类的伟大觉醒。

We assure you, while the potential and the possibility for Heaven on Earth exists for all of humanity, it is more important than ever that you choose it for yourself now. And so it is.
我们向您保证，虽然天堂在人间对全人类都存在潜在的可能，但现在选择它对您自己来说比以往任何时候都更加重要。正是如此。

The possibility for Heaven on Earth exists for all of humanity, and it is important that you choose it for yourself now.
地球天堂对全人类都是可能存在的，重要的是您现在就为自己选择它。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES关键信息

Whatever you are feeling in the moment is what you are contributing to human consciousness.
无论此刻您感到什么，就是您为人类意识所贡献的。

You are the wayshowers here to help guide your beloved human family through the greatest awakening of human consciousness that has ever occurred on your planet.
您是这里的指引者，来帮助引导你们所珍爱的家人穿越人类意识史上最伟大的觉醒。

Your state of consciousness is the only place where you will find freedom.
您的意识状态是您唯一能找到自由的地方。

The potential for you to be in your power is the potential for you to bring peace and joy and harmony and seed human consciousness in a time when it is needed most.
您拥有力量的潜力，就是您在需要的时候带来和平、快乐和和谐，以及播种人类意识的潜力。

Living a magical life is about redefining potentials and possibilities and your ability to create the world you want to live in.
过一种神奇的生活意味着重新定义潜能与可能性，以及您创造自己希望生活其中的世界的能力。

You can choose at any time to elevate yourself into alignment, awareness, and fully opening and allowing energy to guide you. Energy will always guide the way for you if you will allow it.
您可以在任何时候选择提升自己进入调和、觉察，并全然打开和允许能量引导您。如果您愿意，能量将始终为您指引方向。

The possibility for Heaven on Earth exists for all of humanity, and it is important that you choose it for yourself now.
天地之间的天堂对全人类都存在可能性，并且现在就为自己选择它非常重要。



CHAPTER 10 THE POTENTIAL FOR A FULLY AWAKENED WORLD世界的完全觉醒潜力

In this chapter, The Council offers insight into the opportunity available to take a quantum leap into a new experience and the potential to live in a fully awakened world.
在这一章中，Council揭示了抓住迈向新体验的飞跃机会和完全觉醒世界的潜力。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to speak with you on this fine day indeed. We know that there are often events around your world that make it appear as if there are certain challenging times in your human experience.
我们非常高兴和愉快地有机会在这美好的日子里与您交谈。我们知道，在您的世界里，经常会发生一些事件，使它看起来好像您的人类经历中有某些挑战性时期。

We know that it sometimes appears as if major change is underway. And we assure you it is. Whatever may be happening in your world, we are here to remind you of what you never intended to forget when you chose this magnificent life experience.
我们知道有时看起来像是正在进行重大变革。我们向您保证，确实是这样的。无论您世界中正在发生什么，我们都在这里提醒您，在选择了这种壮丽的生活体验时，您永远不会忘记的事情。

There are many, many beings in a higher level of consciousness who are aware of you, guiding you, and here for you always. You are never alone, we assure you. Even in the moments when you feel the most fear, the most vulnerable, and the most alone, we assure you that you could not be.
有许多许多处于更高意识层次的生灵意识到您、引导您，永远在这里为您。我们向您保证，您永远不会孤单。即使在您感到最恐惧、最脆弱、最孤独的时刻，我们也向您保证，您不可能是这样的。

There are so many here focused on you with love, focusing a higher awareness and a higher consciousness, holding a higher awareness, holding a higher consciousness so that, in your moments of allowing, you can reconnect with the truth within you and remember who you are and why you are here during this time of the Great Awakening of your human family.
这里有这么多人为您充满爱意，关注更高的意识与更高级的知觉，保持更高层次的认识，拥有更高层次的知觉，以便在您的允许时刻，您能重新与您内在的真实相连，并记得您是谁以及为何在这人类家庭大觉醒时期来到这里。

When there is global change underway, many of you experience a great amount of emotion, and we want to remind you why. You experience a great amount of emotion because you so deeply love your human family.
当全球变革正在进行时，你们中的许多人会经历大量的情感，我们想提醒你们原因。你们之所以会有这么多的情感，是因为你们如此深爱着人类大家庭。

Many of you often go through the motions of life and find yourselves frequently triggered and in reaction to your human family. In fact, you do that more than you remember the love that you have for humanity. If you did not have such love for humanity, you would not be here.
许多人常按部就班地过着生活，经常被自己的家人触发情感反应。实际上，您们对人的爱情不如记忆中的那么多。如果您们没有这样的爱心，您就无法存于此处。

You came forth into this life experience, and your entire life experience has been preparing you for this Great Awakening. However, more specifically, the past 10 years of your human experience have been preparing you for this time.
您走进了这生命体验，您的整个生命经历都在为这次伟大的觉醒做准备。然而，更具体地说，您过去10年的人间经历正在为您准备这个时刻。

Many of you have seen a quickening and an acceleration during the past few years. You have noticed that there seems to have been a sense of urgency to remember, to gain a higher level of consciousness, to elevate your vibration, and to create an experience of Heaven on Earth within your own life.
许多人在过去几年中察觉到了一种加快和加速。你们注意到，似乎有一种紧迫感去记住、提高意识水平、提升振动频率以及在自己的生活中创造天堂般体验的欲望。

All of that has been preparing you for this time now.
所有这一切都为现在的这个时刻为您做好了准备。

Your human family is going through the Great Awakening. It has moved into an accelerated phase where millions of people are going to awaken, just as you have, to the truth within them.
您的人类家庭正经历着大觉醒。它已进入一个加速阶段，数百万人都将苏醒过来，就像你们一样，意识到他们内心的真理。

Awakening is a journey. It is a journey that you never complete so long as you’re in the human experience. There is always more. There are always elevated levels of consciousness.
觉醒是一段旅程。只要身处人类经历之中，这段旅程您就永远无法完成。总有更多。总有更高的意识层次。

There is always an opportunity to accelerate your knowing and to raise your vibration to allow more energy, more light, and more awareness into the human experience, into your human experience.
总有机会加快您的认知，提升您的振动频率，让更多的能量、光明和意识融入人类体验，融入您的个人体验。

The times of quickening and acceleration help prepare you for global events. We remind you, everything has a purpose and reason for being on the planet, just like you have a purpose for being on this planet.
加速和加快的时代帮助您为全球事件做好准备。我们提醒您，万物存在于这个世界都有其目的和理由，正如您存在于这个星球上也有您的目的一样。

We tell you with a sense of urgency and importance to acknowledge, accept, and choose to align with the truth of your experience, which is that this is the most important time for the awakening of your human family and the opportunity for a raising of consciousness like never before.
我们紧急且重要地告诉您，要承认、接受并选择与您的经验真相一致，即这将是唤醒您人类家族和前所未有的提升意识的最关键时刻。

Do not be in a hurry to eliminate any discomfort that you may feel. Do not be in a hurry to complete an event or experience. Do not be in a hurry to rid the world of some circumstance or situation. Allow it all to serve its purpose.
不要急于消除您可能会感到的不适。不要急于完成某个事件或体验。不要急于摆脱世界上的一些情况或状况。让所有这些发挥作用。

If you remember how to get into a state of peace and align to the peace that lies within you, how to find an inner balance and an inner harmony, you will navigate each and every experience in your life with great ease and without any resistance about how long anything lasts.
如果您记得如何进入和平的状态并与此内在的平和相契合，如何找到内心的平衡和和谐，您将能够以极大的轻松和无关于任何事物持续时间的抗拒来应对生活中的每一个经历。


If you remember how to get to a state of peace and inner harmony, you will navigate your life experiences with great ease.
如果您还记得如何进入平和与内心和谐的状态，您将能够非常轻松地导航自己的人生经历。

Many people went through their own personal awakening experiences over many years’ time. Some went through their awakening experiences in a very short amount of time. Either way, for most people, awakening has come in times of discomfort where things had to change.
许多人经历了自己独特的觉醒过程，贯穿了许多年。有些人则在极短的时间内经历觉醒。无论哪种方式，对于大多数人来说，觉醒都是在不适和不得不改变的时刻发生的。

However, they were resisting the change because of fear, because of not remembering their power, because they didn’t remember that there was a greater purpose for their lives, because they didn’t understand that there was a grander perspective of what was going on in life than what they could see or remember. The same is true in the Great Awakening.
然而，他们因为恐惧而抵制改变，因为他们忘记了自己的力量，因为他们忘记了他们的生活有一个更伟大的目标，因为他们不明白对于生活中正在发生的事情，要比他们所看到和记得的实务更为宏伟。同样的情况也适用于大觉醒时期。

Whether a particular event, circumstance, or occurrence lasts a few weeks or several months is based on the free-will choices of many, many, many people who chose that time and that experience for their awakening. Keep in mind that such events, global or otherwise, happen for you.
是否某个特定事件、情况或持续几周或几个月，取决于众多人自由意志的选择，他们选择了那个时间和那次经历来觉醒。请记住，这样的事件，无论全球还是其他地方，都是为了您而发生的。

These experiences happen for you to step into higher dimensions of consciousness and seed human consciousness with a grander perspective to create a new paradigm of human existence and create paradigms within the human experience that are of a higher vibration and a higher consciousness, which will bring greater love, greater joy, greater peace, greater harmony, and greater cooperation to all of humanity, to the planet, and to animal life.
这些经历是为了让您进入更高维度的意识，以更宏大的视角为人类意识播种，创造一个新的人类存在范式，在人类体验中创造更高频率和更高意识的范式，这将给全人类、地球以及动物生命带来更多的爱、更大的喜悦、更大的和平、更大的和谐和更紧密的合作。

You are going to continue experiencing innovation at a level that is unprecedented.
您将不断体验到前所未有的创新水平。

You have seen a speeding up of technological innovation for the past many years, but this phase of the Great Awakening is going to bring about innovation at a level you’ve never seen before in all sorts of categories.
您过去许多年目睹了技术革新的加速，但这个伟大觉醒的阶段将带来各种类别中前所未有的创新。

Allow it. Allow events and experiences to take however long they need. Allow them to take whatever time is appropriate for something really important to happen in human consciousness.
允许它。让事件和经历按照它们所需的时间去进行。让他们用适当的时间来促成人类意识中真正重要的事情发生。

If you are in resistance and pushing against, you are not holding the space to allow the grander perspective to unfold and the Great Awakening to occur.
如果您在抵制并对抗，您就没有保持空间让更广阔的视角展开和大觉醒发生。

It can absolutely happen with ease and grace for all, but that is not always the way it happens because so many are in resistance and in fear and experiencing chaos.
它绝对可以轻松优雅地发生在所有人身上，但事情并不总是这样发生，因为许多人都在抵抗和恐惧中，经历着混乱。

Remember that in every moment, whatever you are feeling within you is what you are contributing to humanity or to the greater whole at that moment.
记住，在每一个时刻，您内心感受到的任何情感都是您在那一刻为人类或更大的整体所贡献的东西。

You have incredible opportunities to start creating and living in new paradigms of consciousness within the human experience. It starts with you creating a new paradigm within you.
您拥有不可思议的机会，在人类体验中开始创造和生活在新的意识范式之中。这一切从您内在创造一个新范式开始。

This very moment is a gift and an opportunity to look at your life, your choices, your thinking, your behavior, your health, your well-being, your relationships, your purpose, your passion, your joys, and to transform your life to be everything you wish it to be here and now.
此刻正是审视您的生活、选择、思维、行为、健康状况、幸福状况、人际关系、目标、激情、快乐，并将您的生活转变为您现在所希望的一切的时刻。


This moment is a gift and an opportunity to transform your life to be everything you wish it to be here and now.
这一刻是礼物，也是改变您生活的机会，让您的生命成为您现在所希望的一切。

As you make the transformations within you and create a new paradigm within you, you then begin to create a new paradigm within your families, within your communities, and within the world as a whole. But it starts with you, and then it extends into your direct proximity.
当您内在进行转变并创造一个新的范式时，您随后开始在您自己的家庭、社区以及整个世界上创造新的范式。但这一切从您自己开始，然后延伸到您的直接周边。

From there it extends into your family circles and friend circles, and then it extends into your communities.
从此处延伸至您的家庭圈和朋友圈，然后扩展到您的社区。

The opportunity to create a new paradigm within human existence is available to you now. You have the time, the space, and the freedom right here and now to hold the vision of a New Earth moving into form within the human experience.
你们现在有机会在人类存在中创造一个新的范式。在这里和现在，你们拥有时间、空间和自由，可以持有新地球在人类经验中逐步成形的愿景。

With a whole lot of love, you will see transformation occur like never before. As time passes, many people will align and begin to find what they need within them and around them.
带着满满的爱，您将见证前所未有的转变。随着时间的推移，许多人将达成共识，并开始在他们自己和周围找到他们所需之物。

You will make the most of the technology that you have, and you will make the most of the consciousness and awareness available to create great innovation within your own lives.
您将充分利用您拥有的技术，并充分利用您所能意识到的意识和感知，在您自己的生活中创造伟大的创新。

That great innovation will offer you a different experience as you move forward. You are being offered an opportunity, truly, to take a quantum leap into a whole new experience.
那伟大的创新将为您的前进提供不同的体验。您真正被赋予了抓住一个飞跃到全新体验的机会。

Pause and consider how reliant you have been on just doing what you thought you should do or what you have always done instead of consciously questioning whether it was aligned or if that is where energy was leading you or guiding you to go.
暂停并思考您一直依赖着仅做自己认为应该做或一贯做的事情，而没有有意识地质疑这些行为是否与您的目标一致，或者它们是否引导着您去哪里、指引着您前进。

You are being offered an opportunity to take a quantum leap into a whole new experience.
您有机会迈入一个全新体验的量子飞跃。

For instance, at some point you may have thought, Well, I miss my loved one, so I need to jump on an airplane and go see them.
例如，在某个时刻您可能想过，嗯，我想念我爱的人，所以我需要坐飞机去看他们。

Yet that often created greater separation from the people you love in your life because you limited the experience of being together to mean only geographically being together.
然而，这往往导致了您在生活中所爱之人之间的更大分离，因为您将共同体验的限制仅仅理解为只在地理上在一起。

Instead of having a deep connection with them, you usually waited for that connection to occur when you could be together in person.
相反，您通常在能够面对面相聚的时候等待与他们建立深厚的联系。

However, during times when you believed that option was not available for whatever reason, you were more likely to choose to reach out in the now and connect, and to love and to communicate with those who matter most to you in any and every way that was possible for you.
然而，在您认为由于某种原因那个选项不可用时，您更有可能选择现在就伸出援手，与他人建立联系，以任何和所有可能的方式去关爱并与他们沟通，这些人对您来说意义非凡。

You are using the technology that’s in place for connection. You are using the technology that is in place for information. You are using the technology that is in place for innovation, and you’re going to see that you just get more.
您正在使用为连接而设的技术。您正在使用为信息而设的技术。您正在使用为创新而设的技术，您将会发现您只会得到更多。

As another example, there were times in the past when you were accustomed to going somewhere anytime you wanted to connect with others.
作为另一个例子，过去有时您习惯于想和其他人联系时就随时去某个地方。

Whether you were used to going somewhere for a particular activity or used to going somewhere for entertainment, you have since found the means of bringing all of those things to you through innovation.
无论您习惯去特定地点进行某项活动，还是习惯于为了娱乐而外出，现在您已经通过创新找到了将这些事物带给您的方法。

You’re going to continue to find that you can be far more efficient, and have a much greater experience of space and time in your life where you can flow and allow energy to serve and guide you.
您将继续发现，您可以变得更加高效，在生活和空间时间中拥有更大的体验，在那里您能流动并让能量为您服务与引导。

Whenever you are reading this is truly a magical time if you will allow it to be. As you focus on creating your own Heaven on Earth, it may almost feel constricting in certain ways, although it’s not. In fact, it’s quite the contrary.
无论何时您阅读这些文字，如果允许的话，这真是一个神奇的时刻。当您专注于创造自己的人间天堂时，可能会在某些方面感到束缚，尽管并非如此。实际上，恰恰相反。

Allow your focus to be on creating your own Heaven on Earth here and now and then on holding the vision for a grander perspective to emerge as you create new paradigms of human existence.
允许您的注意力集中在当下创造自己的人间天堂，然后关注于保持一个更广阔的视角，随着您创建人类存在的新范式而显现。

In some cases, these tremendous paradigm shifts can only come from experiences of extraordinary transformation occurring at one time globally.
在某些情况下，这种巨大的范式转变只能来自于全球范围内同时发生的非凡变革体验。

We are going to say something very important to you, and we want you to understand this: Remember that each and every one of you is here in this experience for your own expansion, your own experience, your own expression of all that you are.
我们将对你们说出一些非常重要的事情，我们希望你们能够理解：请记住，在这次经历中，每一个你们都在这里是为了自己的成长、自己的体验以及您所有的自我表达的展现。

If you’re reading this, you’re here as part of the Great Awakening, but you are also here to create your own Heaven on Earth and experience it to the fullest.
如果您在读这段文字，您来到这里是因为大觉醒的一部分，但您也是来创造自己的人间天堂并充分体验它的。

You have the real potential to live in a fully awakened world by the year 2035 in Earth time, where all beings that remain on the planet are living in a higher dimension of consciousness, fully awakened and aware of the truth within them.
您有在地球时间到2035年实现完全觉醒世界的真正潜力，在这个世界中，地球上所有留存的生命体都生活在更高维度的意识之中，全然觉醒且意识到他们内心的真理。

This does not mean that all will experience their awakening through the spiritual path that many of you have taken.
这并不意味着所有人都会通过你们许多人所走的灵性之路体验到他们的觉醒。

Still, it is a raising of the consciousness on the planet where people will live at a higher rate of vibration and frequency and therefore experience the level of peace and joy and harmony that exists within those higher dimensions of consciousness.
尽管如此，这是在地球上提高意识水平的过程，人们将以更高的振动频率生活，因此将体验到存在于更高意识维度的和平、喜悦和和谐。

You will live in a world where all beings live harmoniously with each other, with the animals, with the land, and with the planet, and, most importantly, all beings will live harmoniously within themselves.
您将生活在一个所有生命和谐共处、与动物、土地和地球和谐共处的世界里，最重要的是，所有生物都将与自己和谐相处。

You will live in a world where all beings live harmoniously with each other and within themselves.
您将生活在一个人与万物和谐共处，内心安宁的世界里。

This is important, and there’s a reason for it. There’s a reason that the Great Awakening is important. There’s a reason it’s happening at this time. It is still a potential because there are a great amount of free-will choices that each and every one of you has.
这很重要，而且有它的原因。大觉醒之所以重要，有它的原因。它现在发生也有它的原因。因为它仍然具有可能性，因为你们每个人都拥有大量的自由意志选择。

However, as we have said, you can live in a fully awakened world by 2035, but many, many more need to be awakened over the next few years for this to occur. That is why you have seen so many global events recently. That is why your life prepared you for such experiences.
然而，正如我们所言，到2035年，你们可以生活在一个完全觉醒的世界中，但为了实现这一点，在接下来的几年里需要唤醒更多的人。这就是为什么最近你们见证了这么多全球事件的原因。这也是为什么你们的生活为这样的体验做了准备。

There is an intelligence here. It does not mitigate your freewill choices, and it also doesn’t mean that you are here to serve and sacrifice and suffer to drag your entire human family over the finish line into an awakened state. That is not what we are saying.
在这有一种智慧。它并不减轻您的自由意志选择，也不意味着您在这里是为了服务、牺牲和忍受，以带领整个人类家族跨越终点线进入觉醒状态。这不是我们所要表达的。

We are saying that the most important thing that you can do is create the Heaven on Earth that is available to you and live fully conscious and awakened and aware within your own creation of reality.
我们说，您可以做的最重要的事情就是创造一个对您而言可得的人间天堂，并在您自己的现实创造中全然地有意识、觉醒并警觉。

In that reality, most of you are going to choose to create new paradigms within human existence that are based on a higher perspective, a higher state of consciousness.
在那个现实里，你们大多数人会选择在人类存在中创造基于更高视角、更高意识状态的全新范式。

From a more awakened and aware viewpoint, you are so conscious of your every action and choice, of how it affects you and how it affects the world around you.
从更觉醒和觉察的角度来看，您如此清楚自己的每一个动作和选择，以及它对您自身的影响，以及它对周围世界的影响。

You are so conscious of your ability to create the reality you live in and your assured potential to transcend fear and suffering and chaos and tragedy and lack, not only in your human experience, but in the entire human experience.
您如此清醒地意识到自己创造所居现实的能 力，以及超越恐惧、痛苦、混乱、悲剧和缺乏的自信潜力，这不仅体现在您个人的体验中，也体现在整个人类的体验之中。

That is what the Great Awakening presents you with: the potential as a human family to collectively elevate your consciousness out of fear and lack and suffering forevermore to an experience of joy, peace, harmony, and abundance for all. It is not your job to figure out how to do all of that.
这是大觉醒向您呈现的：作为人类大家庭，你们有潜力集体提升意识，永远摆脱恐惧、匮乏和痛苦，进入所有人都能体验到的快乐、和平、和谐与富足的状态。你们不需要想方设法去完成这一切。

It’s your job to hold the vision and create it for yourself, to live it now, to choose it now, to be it now, and to allow it to express fully through you.
您的职责是持有这个愿景，为自己创造它，现在就活出它，现在就选择它，现在就成为它，并允许它通过您充分表达。

The Great Awakening presents you with the potential to collectively elevate your consciousness out of fear and lack into harmony and abundance.
大觉醒为您带来潜力，让您能够集体提升意识，从恐惧和缺乏走向和谐与丰盛。

There’s much more to come, and we have much more for you. We do not see any time as tragic. We know if you turn on the news and you see some trauma or drama or suffering, it is hard to understand how that could ever be happening for some greater purpose.
还有更多即将到来，我们为您准备的也更多。我们没有认为任何时间都是悲剧的。我们知道如果您打开新闻看到一些创伤或戏剧或苦难，很难理解这些事情为什么会发生，为的是更大的目的。

When you come into the human experience, you often learn to fear making your transition out of the human experience more than anything else, and so much emphasis is placed on the fear of death, the fear of how you’re going to die, the fear of suffering your way to death.
当您进入人类体验时，您常常会学会害怕比任何其他事情更害怕从人类体验中过渡出来，因此对死亡的恐惧、对您将如何死去、以及您将在痛苦中走向死亡等的恐惧被过分强调。

It does not have to be that way for anyone, but we understand that it’s still what many experience. During times of what many may call great tragedy, see that those who are making their transitions are surrounded in light, surrounded in peace.
它不必对每个人都是如此，但我们明白这仍然许多人所经历的情况。在许多人称之为巨大悲剧的时刻，看到那些正在过渡的人被光明环绕，被和平包围。

When you want something for others, when you see others in fear or chaos or suffering, it is so important that you decide in that moment, as the conscious Creator that you are, what it is that you choose. What do you want more of in that moment?
当您想为他人做某事，当您看到他人恐惧、混乱或受苦时，作为您这样一个自觉的创造者，在那个当下决定您选择的是什么非常重要。在那个时刻，您更想要什么？

What do you want for you, and what do you want for them? You don’t get to choose for them, but you do get to choose for you. By choosing something greater for you, it helps others to remember that a grander potential and possibility is available for them just as it is for you.
您希望为自己选择什么，又希望为他们选择什么？您不能为他们做选择，但您可以为自己做选择。通过为自己的选择更大的东西，它帮助他人记住，像您一样，他们也拥有更伟大的潜力和可能性。

It makes it easier for them to find their way back to the peace within them that is always available to them as well.
它使他们在找回内心的平静方面更加容易，这种平静总是随时可供他们使用。

When you see others suffering, ask yourself what you want at that moment. Come into the present moment and take a breath. What do I want here? What do I want more of? What do I want to create?
当您看到他人受苦时，问问自己那时您想要什么。进入当下时刻，深呼吸一下。我这里想得到什么？我想拥有更多的是什么？我想创造的是什么？

If the answer is peace, then go into your own being and feel the peace that is within you and activate every cell of your body to align with that peace.
如果答案是和平，那么进入您的内心世界，感受您内在的和平，并激活您身体中的每一个细胞与之对齐。

Then focus that feeling of peace so strongly that it is radiating from your being in every direction all around you and see it going out into the hearts of all of those that you love and care about and wish peace for. This is something you can always do.
然后，将那种平静的感觉集中起来，使其从您的体内向四周辐射，看到它流向您所爱所关心并希望和平的人们的内心。这是您始终可以做到的事情。


Come into the present moment and ask yourself: What do I want more of? What do I want to create?
进入当下时刻，问问自己：我更想要什么？我想创造什么？

When you say, well, there’s suffering going on in the world, and you turn on the television and see the suffering that’s happening out there, we want to remind you that it is not happening in your direct energy field unless, through your focus and attention, you draw it to you.
当您说，嗯，世界上正在发生苦难，您打开电视看到那里的苦难时，我们想提醒您，除非通过您的专注和注意，将其吸引到您直接能量场中，否则这些苦难并没有发生在您的直接能量场中。

When you look at others’ experiences out there, because your televisions give you some perspective, you are often actually suffering worse than the people who are in the experience. You truly are.
当您审视外界他人的经历时，因为您的电视给您一些视角，您实际上往往遭受的比那些真正经历的人还要糟糕。您真的是这样。

We’re not saying that they’re not suffering, but we’re saying that you do not have to choose to suffer yourself. In that moment that they really are in that experience, they have an energy, an awareness, a Source that is guiding them because they’re in that experience.
我们不是说他们不痛苦，但我在说，您不必选择自己受苦。在他们真实地处于那种经验的那一瞬间，他们有一股能量，一份意识，一个来源在引导着他们，因为他们在那种经验中。

You cannot observe it from a television perspective without creating a great amount of suffering for yourself, even though your direct experience in your world has the potential to be a peaceful, joyful, heavenly one.
您无法从电视的角度观察它，而不会给自己带来极大的痛苦，尽管您在世界的直接体验有可能是一个和平、快乐、天堂般的存在。

If you are one who is personally impacted by a particular event or situation or you are interacting with those affected by such an experience in your daily life or vocation, we tell you that you are so incredibly guided, supported, loved, and held in the light by all those in higher dimensions of
如果您是个人受特定事件或情况影响的人，或者您在日常生活或职业中与经历此类体验的人互动，我们告诉您，你们被所有更高维度的人以不可思议的方式引导、支持、爱护并守护在光明之中。

consciousness and greater frequencies of light in every moment, and if you will open to that, you will feel it. You will feel a sense of peace, a sense of well-being.
意识与每一刻更高级的光频率，如果您愿意开放接受，您将感受到它。您会感觉到一种平静，一种幸福感。

Remember, you always have a choice. You always have a light that is guiding you. In every moment you can always elevate your consciousness and therefore elevate your experience out of fear and chaos and trauma and suffering.
记住，您总是有选择。您始终有一盏指引您的光。在每一个瞬间，您都可以提升您的意识，从而摆脱恐惧、混乱、创伤和苦难，提升您的经历。

This is the truth, and somewhere within you know it, or you wouldn’t be reading this now.
这是真相，而且您内心深处某个地方知道这一点，否则您现在不会阅读这些文字。

We are here to remind you of the truth within you. We are here because we promised we would be, especially now. You drew this information to you because it belongs to you.
我们在此提醒您内在的真相。我们之所以在此，是因为我们曾答应过会来，特别现在。您吸引这些信息到您身边，因为它属于您。

It’s the truth within you that you never intended to forget—the truth of who you are, why you are here, and the power that you have to create in this human experience and to hold the highest perspective of a better way and a new paradigm that is emerging.
这是您内心从未打算忘记的真相——关于您是谁、您来这里的原因，以及您在人类体验中创造的力量和保持最高视角去拥抱更好方式和新兴范例的能力。

You are here to illuminate the potential for humankind.
您在这里是为了照亮人类潜能的曙光。

Remember who you are. Remember why you are here. Remember how important you are.
记住您是谁。记住您为什么在这里。记住您的重要性。

If there is a time when you may feel like you are not free to be the wayshower that you are, to connect the way you wish to, or to do the things you wish to do, maybe it’s because there’s something better trying to present itself to you.
如果有一段时间您感觉自己无法自由地成为您所是的那位引领者，无法连接您希望的方式，或做您想要做的事情，可能是因为有更好的事物正在试图向您呈现。

Maybe there’s something better than the things you thought were so important every day. Maybe there’s something more. Maybe there’s something more awakening within you.
或许有些东西比您所认为的每天那么重要的东西更好。也许还有更多。也许您内心深处有更多被唤醒的东西。

Maybe there’s something even better than how you were living your life, and that very experience has been orchestrated for you to allow something bigger, something greater, to express itself through you or to present itself to you.
也许有一种比您现在的生活方式更好的东西，而那种非常经历已经被安排好了，是为了让您允许某种更大的、更伟大的东西通过您表达自己，或者向您展示自己。

Maybe there’s something even better than how you were living your life, and this very experience has been orchestrated for you to allow something greater to present itself to you.
也许有比您现在的生活方式更好的东西，而这个经历正是为您安排的，让您允许某些更伟大的事物向您呈现。

We are always with you. We are always available to you. This is a time when many of you are going to awaken to gifts and talents and abilities that you know you have somewhere within you, even if you don’t really know what they are. Many of you know there’s some greater purpose for your life.
我们永远与您同在。我们始终为您提供服务。这是一个许多人都将开始觉醒到内在的礼物、才能和能力的时候，即使你们并不真的知道它们是什么。许多人知道，你们的生活中存在某种更伟大的目的。

Many of you know there’s some greater calling, some greater purpose, some greater knowing that you have, but for whatever reason your day-to-day life distractions didn’t allow you to tune in to fully remember until now.
许多人知道，你们中的一些人有一种更高的召唤、一个更伟大的目标、一种更深刻的认知，但您们因为某些原因，日常生活中的分心没有让您们能够专注地记住直到现在。

Let all things unfold with ease and grace. Let it all come in its time and in its way. Our only ask of you is to stay open and allow and let energy light the way. What better time to become an absolute master at allowing energy to guide the way than this time now?
让所有事物轻松优雅地展开。让它按其时间以它的方式到来。我们唯一的要求只是请您保持开放，允许并让能量照亮道路。还有什么比现在更好的时机成为引导能量的绝对大师呢？

In this awareness, you now have a greater potential to follow the energy and the light and what you’re guided to each day instead of all the things you used to think you had to do.
在这个意识中，您现在有更大的潜力追随能量和光明，以及每天您所被引导的事物，而不是您过去认为您必须做的事情。

This experience is a gift; you are also a gift to humanity and to those around you and those you love. Be all that you are. Live all that you know. Be the wayshower that you are of a better way forward. You are the Creator within your own creation. You are creating every moment.
这段经历是一份礼物；您也是一份给予人类以及您所周围的人和所爱之人的礼物。成为您全部的自己。活出您所知的一切。作为一条通往更好未来的道路指引者。在您的创造之中，您是创造者。您在创造每一个瞬间。

Right now, you have the greatest opportunity to completely transcend the unwanted, the limitation, the old story, and to create your entire experience anew in a new world, in a new paradigm, where anything and everything is possible for you.
现在，您拥有最大的机会完全超越不想要的、限制和旧的故事，并在一个全新的世界、一个新的模式中重新创造您整个的经历，在这里对您来说任何事都成为可能。

Let this very day be a sacred time for you to take a moment and connect to the highest vision possible for your life experience. Then create it starting now and live it in this moment here and now and forevermore.
让这一天成为您连接生命体验中可能达到的最高愿景的神圣时刻。然后从现在开始创造它，在这里、此刻以及永远生活在这份经历之中。

There is a purpose for everything that happens. There is a purpose for you. You always have the ability to choose—in every moment—what you are contributing and what you are creating.
每件事的发生都有其目的。对您而言也有其目的。您始终拥有选择权——在每个时刻——贡献什么和创造什么。

There is a potential here for the most incredible transformation of human consciousness that has ever occurred in any lifetime. There is the potential for innovation that will greatly expand your role in the universe.
这里存在一种潜力，它将引发人类意识史上最惊人的转变，这种转变在任何一个生命中都曾发生过。这种创新潜力将极大地扩展您在宇宙中的角色。

There’s a reason for humanity to awaken, because on the other side of an awakened human family is a grander potential for Earth and humanity in the vast and beautiful universe.
有理由让人类觉醒，因为在唤醒的人类家庭另一侧，是地球和人类在浩瀚而美丽的宇宙中的更伟大的潜力。

We remind you that you are everything you wish to be. You already are, and we love you, we love you, we love you. And so it is.
我们提醒您，您就是您希望成为的一切。您已经拥有了，我们爱您，我们爱您，我们爱您。就是这样。


You are everything you wish to be. You already are.
您已经是您想成为的一切。您已经如此。


ESSENTIAL MESSAGES 关键信息

This is the most important time for the awakening of your human family and an opportunity for a raising of consciousness like never before.
这是您人类家族觉醒的最重要时刻，也是前所未有的提升意识的机会。

You have the time, the space, the freedom right here and now to hold the vision of a New Earth moving into form within the human experience.
您现在就有时间、空间和自由，在这里拥有一个新地球在人类体验中形成愿景。

The most important thing that you can do is create the Heaven on Earth that is available to you and live fully conscious and awakened and aware within your own creation of reality.
最重要的是，您能做到的便是创造一个属于自己的、存在于世间的天堂，并在您自己的现实创造中保持全然清醒、觉悟和觉察。

You can elevate your consciousness and therefore elevate your experience out of fear and chaos and trauma and suffering.
您可以将您的意识提升，从而将您的体验从恐惧、混乱、创伤和痛苦中拔高。

You have the greatest opportunity to completely transcend the unwanted, the limitation, the old story, and to create your entire experience anew in a new world, in a new paradigm, where anything and everything is possible for you.
您拥有最大的机会，完全超越那些不想要的、限制性的、老旧的故事，并在一个全新的世界、全新的范式下重新创造您完整的人生体验，在那里对于您而言任何事都成为可能。

If you remember how to get to a state of peace and inner harmony, you will navigate your life experiences with great ease.
如果您还记得如何达到平和与内心和谐的状态，您将以极大的轻松度经历您的生命旅程。



CHAPTER 11 IMPECCABLE CREATION OF A RICHER, FULLER EXPERIENCE无懈可击的创造，带来更丰盛、更充实的体验

In this chapter, The Council reminds you of the power of impeccable creative expression and following the energy because everything is a result of your creation.
在这一章中，Council提醒您完美创意表达的力量以及跟随能量的重要性，因为一切都是您创造的结果。

We are so pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to speak with you, our beloved friend. We are here for you at this time where you are stepping into being the fully realized master of your life experience that you are. We are speaking to you. We are speaking to you.
我们非常高兴和荣幸有机会与您，我们亲爱的朋友交谈。在这个时候，您正步入成为那个完全实现的生活体验的主宰者的道路。我们在与您交谈。我们在与您交谈。

It is here, and it is now. It is the time for you to be all that you are, to live in your Heaven on Earth, and to be part of this Great Awakening experience that you have been preparing for all of your life.
它就在这里，就在此刻。是您全然成为您自己的时候，是您在人间的天堂生活的时刻，也是您为了一生所准备的这个伟大觉醒体验的一部分。

We remind you that you have the power within you to do anything, to be anything, to have anything, and to draw anything and everything that is in your highest and best good to you, and that applies here and now, no matter the circumstances.
我们提醒您，您内心拥有做任何事、成为任何人的力量，拥有任何事物的能力，以及吸引您最高和最佳利益中的任何事物和一切的能力，并且这适用于现在和这里，无论情况如何。

Have you noticed the manifestation of many of the things you’ve been asking for and wondered if that would ever happen in your life experience?
您注意到您一直所求之事的开始出现了吗？您是否曾想过这些事情会在您的生活经历中发生呢？

Are you seeing people whom you love and care about starting to ask the question that you asked, the one that started you on this awakening journey in the first place? Do you know what question you asked that opened the doors to you?
您是否看到你们所爱所关心的人们开始询问那个问题，就是最初让您开始觉醒旅程的问题？您知道您问的那个打开您大门的问题是什么吗？

Do you remember the first time you asked the question that drew the experience of awakening to you?
您记得第一次提问把您带到觉醒体验的那一次吗？

It wasn’t How much money do I have? It wasn’t Where is my lover? It wasn’t How do I fix this broken body? It wasn’t Why did they die? It wasn’t What has gone wrong here? The question you asked that started this entire awakening experience for you was who am I? Who am I? Who am I?
这并非“我有多少钱？”也不是“我的爱人在哪里？”更不是“我怎么修复这个破碎的身体？”亦非“他们为什么死去？”也非“这里出了什么问题？”您提出的问题，让您开始经历这场觉醒的是：我是谁？我是谁？我是谁？

That is the question you asked. That is what started you on this journey. Life was not happening to you. It was happening for you to draw to you the experience that would answer that question for you. Who am I? That is what opens the door to your awakening journey.
这是您问的问题。这就是您的旅程开始的原因。生活并没有发生在您身上。它是为了让您吸引那些能为您解答问题的经历。我是谁？这正是开启您觉醒之旅的大门。

Many are finding themselves in moments where the distractions are gone, where the rushing and the bustling through the day is no longer, and they are asking themselves the question, who am I? It may be some fear that leads them to ask that question.
许多人发现自己处于一个没有分心的时刻，每天匆忙和熙攘已经不再，他们在问自己问题，我是谁？这可能是某种恐惧导致他们提出这个问题。

It may be a belief in lack that leads them to ask that question. It may be a misunderstanding of God or feeling like God has somehow allowed a particular situation or event to happen. But they are asking, who am I?
可能是对缺乏的信念使他们提出那个问题。可能是对上帝的错误理解，或者感觉上帝以某种方式允许了某个特定的情况或事件发生。但他们问的是：我是谁？

And just like you, they also have a Source that is aware of them and available to them. They also have guides. They also have a higher self.
并且，就像你们一样，他们也有一个对他们有意识且可以与他们联系的源头。他们也拥有引导者。他们也有更高的自我。

They have all the things that you had and have that will draw to them the experiences that will guide them to a higher knowing and a higher truth and a higher perspective and a much grander experience and to know the answer to who am I?
他们拥有您曾经拥有的所有事物，并将吸引那些引导他们达到更高认知、更高真理、更高视角和更伟大体验的经历。他们将了解“我是谁”的答案。

Do you know the answer now? Because when you’re ready to move from the awakening journey to the journey of the master, you know. The master knows who I am. The master knows I Am That I Am. The master knows I Am Creator. The master knows that I Am Presence.
您现在知道答案了吗？因为当您准备好从觉醒之旅过渡到大师之旅时，您就知道了。大师知道我是谁。大师知道我就是那个我。大师知道我是创造者。大师知道我是存在。

The master knows the mighty I Am Presence that you are. How could that not draw to you a more expansive, richer, more fulfilling, more harmonious, more beautiful, more exciting, more inspiring, more abundant experience of life and living it to the fullest? It will indeed.
主人知晓您内在的伟大“我是存在”。这怎么可能不会吸引给您一个更加广阔、丰盛、满足、和谐、美丽、激动人心、鼓舞人心、更加丰盛的生命体验，并充分发挥其至极呢？这确实会发生的。

We couldn’t be more excited for you. You know who you are, and once you know the I Am Presence, you begin to play and dance and create with All That Is.
我们对您非常兴奋。您知道您是谁，一旦您了解我是存在，您就开始与万有创造玩耍、跳舞和创作。

You begin dancing with all of creation as the master that you are, practicing and mastering your ability to follow the energy and follow the light. It will always guide the way for you.
您以主人的身份，与所有创造一起开始跳舞，修炼并掌握跟随能量和追随光的能力。它将始终为您指路。

You begin mastering impeccable, innocent, inspired creative expression that is dedicated to the highest good of all of humanity and the planet and all that exists.
您开始掌握完美无瑕、纯洁、富有灵感的创意表达，这些表达致力于为全人类和地球以及所有存在之物带来最高福祉。

We have told you that on the other side of a fully awakened human family there is so much more. There’s so much more. There is a purpose for humanity in the vast, glorious, beautiful universe of limitless potential and possibility.
我们已经告诉您，在一个完全醒觉的人类家族的另一边，有着无尽的更多事物。还有很多很多。在这个广袤、荣耀、美丽的无限潜能与可能性宇宙中，对于人类来说，有一个存在的意义。

The master of one’s life is no longer trying to create from lack or limitation or unworthiness. The master has no personal agenda.
生命的主人不再试图从匮乏、局限或不足以创造。主人没有个人议程。

Most of you would say that you want to get to the place where you have no personal agenda, but it is merely a choice to align with the infinite abundance, the infinite well-being, the infinite love, the infinite connection to All That Is, and the infinite intelligence.
大多数人会说他们想要到达一个没有个人议程的地方，但这只是选择与无尽的丰盛、无尽的幸福、无尽的爱、与世界万物的无限联系以及无尽的智慧相一致。

That power is available to you at every moment and guides you always. It will provide everything you need and more, everything you could even imagine to ask for if you will allow it.
那股力量时刻在您身边，永远引导着您。它将提供您所需要的一切，以及更多，甚至是您想象中能要求的一切，只要您允许它这么做。

Open and allow the energy to serve you and to serve through you as you follow the light and bring the powerful beacon of light that you are to the world around you. That is how important you are.
敞开并允许能量为您服务，并通过您来为他人服务。当您追随光明，将您那强大的灯塔之光带入周围的世界时，那就是您何其重要。

But the master creates impeccably from a place of innocence and inspiration with no personal agenda. They’re not trying to fix anything. They’re not trying to heal anything. They’re not trying to attract a lover. They’re not trying to make people do what they want them to do.
但是大师从纯真和灵感的地方完美地创造，没有任何个人目的。他们不是试图修复任何事物。他们不是试图治愈任何事物。他们不是试图吸引一个恋人。他们不是试图让别人做他们想让他们做的事。

They’re not trying to make more money with the energy. It’s impeccable. It’s innocent. It’s pure. It’s inspired. And, oh, you can’t even imagine the power you have when you allow the energy to flow through you without a personal agenda.
他们不是试图用能量来赚更多的钱。这是无可挑剔的，无辜的，纯粹的，富有灵感的。哦，您甚至无法想象当您不带有个人目的让能量通过自己时，您拥有的力量。

Open and allow the power of true creation to flow through you without a personal agenda.
开放并允许真正的创造力通过您流动，不受个人意图的影响。

Having a personal agenda means that you try to push energy. A personal agenda is present any time you’re trying to own energy. Your personal agenda shows up through your trying to control energy.
拥有个人议程意味着您试图推动能量。任何您想掌握能量的时刻，都存在着个人议程。您的个人议程通过您试图控制能量而显现出来。

You have a personal agenda whenever you are in lack and you think that if you had just that thing, you would no longer be in lack—but that’s not it at all.
您每次缺乏什么时，都会有个人日程安排，您觉得只要您拥有那件东西，您就不会再缺乏——但事实并非如此。

In approaching creation this way, you are trying to draw someone to you who will fulfill you and make you happy, or you are trying to fix the part of you that you think is broken instead of getting into a higher dimension of consciousness through your vibration, by opening and allowing energy to s
通过这种方式接近创造，您试图吸引某人到您身边，让他/她满足您并使您快乐，或者您试图修复您认为不完美的自己部分，而不是通过您的振动进入更高维度的意识，通过打开和允许能量流动。

erve you, where all that you want is assured—your well-being, infinite love, infinite abundance.
您所想要的，都在这里得到保障——您的健康、无尽的爱和无穷的丰盛。

From that state of consciousness, you don’t need to go down into the limitation, the lack, the suffering, the struggle, the forcing, the efforting in order to create more because nothing is wrong or missing.
从那个意识状态，您不需要陷入局限、缺乏、痛苦、挣扎、强迫和努力，以创造更多，因为没有什么是不对或缺失的。

When you have a personal agenda, you’re limiting energy. You’re limiting creation. You are dipping down into lower dimensions of consciousness that you’ve already ascended beyond. You are playing at greater levels of limitation, which is going to feel like a struggle.
当您有一个个人议程时，您正在限制能量。您正在限制创造力。您正在进入已经超越的意识低维空间。您在更高的受限水平上玩耍，这将感觉像一场挣扎。

That experience isn’t going to feel very good and is not going to be very uplifting.
那次经历不会感觉很好，也不会有太多的鼓舞人心。

This is why we tell you how important it is to transcend fear, to transcend suffering, to transcend lack, to transcend worry and pain. Most importantly, you can transcend fear and the belief in your own limitation.
这是为什么我们要告诉您超越恐惧的重要性，超越痛苦的重要性，超越缺乏的重要性，超越担忧和痛苦的重要性。最重要的是，您可以超越恐惧和对自身局限性的信念。

You can transcend suffering in your own human experience to open up the richest, most expansive level of experience you could imagine.
您可以超越自己人生中的苦难，开启您所能想象的最为丰盛、广阔的经验层次。

You haven’t even scratched the surface of how rich and abundant and prosperous your life is going to be when you get beyond the personal agenda.
您还未触及到当您超越个人议程时，您的人生将会多么丰盛、充裕和繁荣的表面。

Open up, allow energy to serve you, and practice impeccable, innocent, inspired creative expression that is dedicated to the highest outcome, the highest good of all, the highest and best. Then you do not limit the potential and the possibilities that are here for you.
开启自己，让能量为您服务，并练习无瑕疵、天真、充满灵感的创造性表达，将其奉献给最高的成果，所有人的最高福祉，最高和最好的。然后您不会限制这里为您提供的潜力和可能性。

You haven’t even scratched the surface of how abundant your lives are going to be when you get beyond the personal agenda and practice impeccable, innocent, inspired creative expression.
您甚至还没有触及到，当超越个人议程后，您的生命将如何丰盛。

Only you can decide. Only you can decide to stop rolling the boulder up the hill, in the mud, with the big heavy boots on and instead live on a mountaintop in Heaven on Earth. It’s more important now than ever before that you do, really, truly. Whatever it is that keeps you from it, let it go.
只有您能决定。只有您能决定停止把巨石滚上山坡，在泥泞中，穿着沉重的靴子，而相反地在人间仙境的山顶上生活。现在比以往任何时候都更加重要，您真的、真正地去做这件事。无论是什么阻止您的东西，让它去吧。

Let it go.
放下它。

Sometimes it is about balancing your own system, and whenever you are reading this is a good time to focus on bringing your own system into balance. There are times where you have seen nature move back into total balance in the most expeditious and efficient ways.
有时这关乎于平衡您自己的系统，而当您阅读此段文字的时候，正是关注使您的系统恢复平衡的好时机。有些时候，您会发现自然以最快最有效的方式重新回归到完全的平衡状态。

The oceans, the air, the forest, the trees, the birds, and the animals all start coming back into perfect, harmonious balance with each other without any assistance from humanity—that is, if humanity is not adding to the imbalance. You have seen your waters run cleaner during such times.
海洋、空气、森林、树木、鸟类和动物，在没有任何来自人类的帮助的情况下，彼此之间开始恢复到完美、和谐的状态——也就是说，如果人类没有加剧这种不平衡的话。您见证过在那个时期，水质变得更加清澈。

You have seen your air cleaner and more pure. You have witnessed harmony in nature return at expeditious rates.
您已见证了空气清洁器更加纯净。您目睹了自然和谐以迅猛的速度回归。

Nature always seeks to come into balance in the easiest, most effortless, expeditious way when you are not adding to and contributing to the imbalance.
自然总是试图以最简单、最不费力的方式达到平衡，当您没有加剧不平衡和贡献于不平衡时。

The rebalancing examples that humanity has witnessed during certain times are manifestations of what you ask for when you hold the vision of a New Earth, of Heaven on Earth, where all beings live in harmony with each other, with the animals, and with the planet, and within themselves.
人类在特定时期所见证的重新平衡例子，是您抱持新地球、人间天堂之愿景时所要求的表现，在那里所有生物与彼此、动物、星球以及自身和谐共处。

You have seen and will continue to see manifestations of it before your eyes.
您已看到，并将继续在眼前看到它的表现。

There is a purpose for every event that transpires on your planet, and through those events people change. But it’s not the chaos that changes them. It’s not the fear that changes them. It is the love that changes them.
每个发生在您星球上的事件都有其目的，通过这些事件人们会发生变化。但改变他们的不是混乱，也不是恐惧，而是爱。

If you want to continue to see the greatest opportunity for change in human consciousness, love them like never before. Love, love, love them like never before. Love your neighbor. Love your friends. Love your human family. Love the animals. Love the planet. Be the love that you are.
如果您想要继续看到人类意识中最大的变革机会，就以前所未有的方式爱他们。爱，爱，以前所未有的方式爱他们。爱您的邻居。爱您朋友。爱您的人类家庭。爱动物。爱地球。成为您所是的爱。

You can’t even imagine the divine love, the infinite love within your own being. You’ve never allowed yourself to really experience it in form. Allowing that would be to know yourself as the absolute God that you are. The almighty power that creates worlds is divine, infinite love.
您甚至无法想象内心的神圣之爱，那无限的爱。您从未真正允许自己去体验它的形态。允许这样做，就是认识作为绝对神祇的您自己。创造宇宙的神圣力量是无限的、神圣的爱。

That is what your world needs most from you now, and always. Impeccable creative expression is always aligned with the infinite love of All That Is.
这是您现在、永远需要给世界的，无懈可击的创意表达总是与一切存在之无限的爱相一致。


Be the love that you are. That is what your world needs most from you now, and always.
成为您所是的爱。这就是您现在、永远都需要给您的世界最多的东西。


It is important that you find balance within your own life. What has to change in your own life? Don’t push against it. Don’t judge it. Don’t go into resistance. Let it come from an inspired place. Let the change be bathed in love and purity and innocence.
重要的是，您需要在自己的生活里找到平衡。在您的生活中，哪些方面需要改变？不要对抗它。不要评判它。不要进入抵触状态。让它从充满灵感的源泉中产生。让变化沐浴在爱与纯洁以及天真之中。

For some, the change will be in your day-to-day behaviors and thinking and choices. For others it will be in finding clarity about what you want to experience more of in Heaven on Earth. For still others it will be reaching out and connecting in ways you haven’t done before.
对于一些人来说，变化将体现在你们日常的行为、思考和选择上。对另一些人来说，它将是明确您更希望在人间天堂体验什么。而对于其他人来说，它将是以前未曾尝试过的方式去伸出援手和建立联系。

And for some of you, it is an incredible change where, for the first time, you’re allowing yourself to access certain talents, skills, and abilities that you have not yet experienced in human form.
并且对于你们中的某些人来说，这是一种难以置信的变化，因为在人类形态下，你们第一次允许自己接触那些尚未体验过的才能、技能和能力。

Most notably, you are able to access telepathic communication with others and with the highest information, opening your own channels to receive guidance and wisdom and inspiration and messages.
尤为突出的是，您能够与他人进行心灵感应沟通，并获取最高信息，开启自己的渠道接收指导、智能、灵感与消息。

You are allowing the healing light of the Source to flow through you like never before, opening up your creative fields to skills and abilities and talents that you’ve never known yourself to have.
您正让源头的疗愈之光以前所未有的方式流经您，开启您创造性领域中对技能、能力和才能的认知，这些您从未意识到自己拥有。

This is an incredible time. Whenever you are reading this, it’s an incredible time. So much is changing, and the change can be so much easier if you allow it with love.
这是一个难以置信的时代。无论您何时阅读这段文字，它都是个难以置信的时刻。变化如此之多，而如果您用爱去接受，变化会变得更容易些。

You’re going to emerge from this part of your personal human experience truly living in a whole different world, in a much richer experience, a much more expanded experience, fully allowing infinite abundance, infinite love, and infinite well-being to be your reality.
您将从这个个人的人类经验中真正地走出，进入一个全新的世界，那里有更丰盛的体验，更有拓展的体验，完全允许无限丰盛、无限爱和无限幸福成为您的现实。

Don’t try to figure anything out right now. Don’t make any big decisions. Don’t try to change things in the way you used to do it. Don’t try to force anything. In the doing, there’s always more to be done. In the being, all things are done through you. It all comes to you.
现在不要试图弄懂任何事情。不要做出任何重大决定。不要尝试用您过去的方式去改变事情。不要强迫任何事情。在行动中，总有更多要做的事。在存在中，所有事物都是通过您来完成的。一切都会来到您身边。

The path unfolds with ease and grace. It’s choiceless. It’s just clear, and you are totally confident. There is a certainty, and it just happens.
道路轻松优雅地展开。没有选择，只是清晰明了，您完全自信。有一种确定性，它自然而然地发生。

Don’t try to figure anything out. Don’t try to make any big decisions. There’s no big decision. There’s no big decision. There are no big decisions you need to make.
别试图弄清楚任何事。不要尝试做任何重大决策。没有重大的决策。没有重大的决策。没有任何需要您做的重大决策。

There is only the simple decision of choosing to open and allow energy, to be all that you are, to live in Heaven on Earth here and now. That’s the choice, and it is available to you. Your thinking, your vibration, your state of consciousness, those are the choices you make.
只有简单的一个决定：选择开放并允许能量，成为您所能成为的，在这里和现在生活在天堂。这就是选择，它对您来说是可用的。您的思维、您的振动、您的意识状态，这些都是您所做的选择。

If you should move—not a decision to make right now. If you should leave this relationship—not a decision to make right now. If you should start a new relationship—not a decision to make right now.
如果您应该搬家——现在不是做决定的时候。如果您应该离开这段关系——现在不是做决定的时候。如果您应该开始一段新的关系——现在不是做决定的时候。

If you do all of these things and push and force and try to make something happen, you are limiting the energy that is trying to present itself to you in a new way and move you into a new expanded experience of all that is that you’ve never allowed yourself before.
如果您做了所有这些事情，推挤和强迫，试图让某事发生，您就限制了那些试图以新的方式呈现给您、并推动您进入以前未曾允许的新扩展体验的能量。

The energy is offering you a richer, fuller, more expansive experience of what it’s like to live beyond limitation.
能量正为您提供一个更加丰盛、充实和广阔的生活体验，让您超越限制。


Make the simple decision to open and allow energy, to be all that you are, to live in Heaven on Earth here and now.
做出简单的决定，打开心扉，允许能量流动，成为真实的自己，在此刻生活在人间的天堂。

Things are going to unfold for you. Perfectly. Let everything be choiceless, easy, effortless, harmonious. You stay in the flow and let it all come to you. You stay in the flow and let it come to you. We assure you it will.
事情将会为您展开。完美无缺。让一切无需选择，简单、不费力、和谐。您保持与流的一致，让它自然到来。您保持与流的一致，让其自然而来。我们保证，它必将到来。

Anything you’re trying to figure out, anything you’re trying to make a decision about, let it go. Let it play out. Let yourself really see what this is all about. Live with no doubt. You can live in any reality you choose.
任何您想弄清楚的事情，任何您想做决定的事，都放手吧。让它自行发展。真正地看清这一切究竟是什么。无保留地生活。您可以选择生活在任何您选择的现实之中。

Breathe yourself into the fullness of all that you are and all that is here for you.
吸纳您自身的全部，以及所有为您预备的一切。

Masters live for themselves and know that in doing so they serve the highest good, the divine plan. That does not mean that a master lives selfishly, because the master does not have a personal agenda. The master lives within their own experience and all that is available to them.
大师们为了自己而活着，并且知道这样做是在服务最高的善，即神圣的计划。这并不意味着大师自私地生活，因为大师没有个人议程。大师生活在自己的经历中，以及所有他们可以利用的事物之中。

The master owns no one. The master owes no one. The master allows All That Is. The master allows the energy and the light to guide the way. The master follows the energy, and when there is no energy, the master knows to stop.
主人不拥有任何人。主人不欠任何人。主人允许一切存在。主人让能量和光明指引道路。主人跟随能量，当没有能量时，主人知道停下。


Follow the energy, and when there is no energy, stop and allow the light to guide the way.
跟随能量，当没有能量时，停下并让光明指引道路。

If there’s no energy, then there’s nothing for you to do and no place for you to go. It is about you being in the fullness of who and where you are right here, right now, until there is a clear flow of energy, and then you allow it to guide the way.
如果没有能量，那么您就无事可做，无处可去。这关乎您在此刻此地充分地成为您自己，直到有清晰的能量流动，然后您让它引导方向。

Many people distinctly try to push the energy when the energy has stopped. The master knows to stop when there is no energy.
许多人明显在能量停止时试图推动它。大师知道在没有能量的时候停下来。

When the energy is not guiding you to a new place to live, when the energy is not guiding you to a new relationship, when the energy is not guiding you to a new job or a new business, just stop. There’s a reason. There’s something coming in for you. There’s something happening for you.
当能量没有引导您到一个新的居住地时，当能量没有引导您进入一段新的关系时，当能量没有引导您去寻找一份新工作或开展一项新业务时，就停下来。有原因的。有些事情即将降临到您身上。有事情正在为您发生。

There’s more going on than you can see. Isn’t that good to know?
有比您能看到的更多的事情发生。知道这些不是很好吗？

You really only need inspired action about 3 percent of the time. That is all. So then you ask, what is it that we are to do with all of our other time? Do the things that bring you joy. Do the things that are fun for you. Create, play, have fun. Love, love, love. Love the trees. Love the land.
您真的只有大约3%的时间需要灵感的行动。就是这样。那么，您会问，我们如何度过剩下的所有时间呢？做那些让您快乐的事情。做那些对您来说有趣的事情。创造，玩耍，享受乐趣。爱，爱，爱。爱上树木，爱土地。

Love the animals. Love the sun. Love yourself. Love your friends. Love your family. Love, experience joy, have fun, and appreciate beauty. Live life to the fullest. Be all that you are. Breathe in your well-being. Breathe. That’s what you do.
热爱动物。热爱阳光。爱自己。爱您的朋友。爱您的家人。爱，体验快乐，享受乐趣，欣赏美丽。尽情生活。做最真实的自己。深呼吸您的健康。呼吸。这就是您所做的。

Now, you might think that what we are saying about not having a personal agenda, allowing it all to come to you, following the energy, living as the master that you are, and being on this journey of the master means that you don’t do great things or means that you’re not a leader.
现在，您可能认为我们所说的没有个人议程、让一切来找您、跟随能量、像您所是的主人那样生活、以及在这条主人之旅上行走，意味着您不做伟大的事情或意味着您不是一位领导者。

It means exactly that you are doing great things. It means exactly that you are a leader. It means exactly that you’re making a positive impact on the world around you.
它确实意味着您在做大事。它确实意味着您是一位领导者。它确实意味着您在对您周围的世界产生积极影响。

You are placed precisely where you are needed most because infinite intelligence knows who you are and knows what you know, which is how to live as a master and a wayshower in this time of the Great Awakening, which is why you are here.
您被安置在最为需要的地点，因为无尽的智慧知道您是谁，也知道您所知的一切——这是如何在觉醒时代作为大师和引领者生活的道路，这也是您在此的原因。

Do you remember? Do you remember who you are? Who am I? Who am I? Who am I? Remember who you are. Remember how important you are. Remember why you’re here. And hold the vision. Create it for yourself. Live it now. Choose it now. Allow it. Be it.
您记得吗？您记得您是谁吗？我是谁？我是谁？我是谁？记住您是谁。记住您的重要性。记住您为什么在这里。保持这个愿景。为自己创造它。现在就生活它。现在就选择它。允许它的存在。成为它。

You are already seeing the vision move into manifested form, into your creation, faster than ever before. That is the acceleration. That is the quickening. As you elevate your vibration and your frequency, creation and manifestation happen almost instantly.
您已经看到这个愿景以比以往任何时候都要快的速度变为现实形式，进入您的创造之中。这就是加速，这就是加快。随着您提升自己的振动和频率，创造和显化几乎瞬间发生。

This will help you understand why you step into lower dimensions of consciousness and why you stay there until you reach a level of impeccable creative expression dedicated to the highest good of all.
这将帮助您理解您为何步入意识的较低维度，以及为何会停留在那里直到您达到一个献身于最高善的完美创造性表达的境界。

You do it because the master in you knows the power you have to draw to you, through your force field.
您这么做，因为在您内心的 mastery 知道您能通过您的力量场吸引到您。

The master in you knows more of what you are and knows that your consciousness of all that you are, your consciousness of the vision you hold, your consciousness of a grander perspective, moves energy into form at an unprecedented rate for the realization of the highest good.
您内心的大师深知您是谁，并且知道您对所有自我意识的认知、对所持有愿景的意识、对更广阔视角的认知，正以前所未有的速度将能量转化为形态，以实现最高的善。


Remember, you are the Creator within your own creation. It is all created. It is all here and now.
记住，您是您自己的创造物中的创造者。一切都是创造的。它都存在于这里和现在。


Remember yourself as the Creator within your own creation. There is no out there. It is all a figment of your creation—what you have focused on, the vision that you’ve held, the consciousness that you’ve allowed, the energy that is flowing through you, a result of your creation.
记住自己在您自己的创造中的创造者身份。那里没有“外面”。所有这些都是您创造的产物——您所关注的，您所持有的愿景，您所允许的意识，以及通过您的能量流，都是您创造的结果。

You get to play with all that is, all that was, all that will ever be. It is all created. It is all here and now. You just get to put it into some enjoyable, purposeful, fun, exciting, inspiring use in your own experience of form.
您将能体验所有存在过的，所有曾经存在的，以及所有将永远存在的。一切皆为创造。它就在这里，现在。您只需在自身的形态体验中赋予其愉悦、目的、乐趣、刺激和灵感。

And when you come to enjoy the fullness of your formless creations at the same level of fulfillment as your creations that are in form, you will then experience an even richer, fuller, grander reality.
并且当您达到享受无形创造物之丰盈的同等满足时，您将体验到更加丰盛、完整、宏伟的现实。

Your perspective shifts when you elevate your consciousness and awareness, which is what we are doing with you right here, right now. While our words are important, this is a vibrational experience.
您的观点会在提升您的意识和觉知时发生转变，这正是我们在此刻与您一起做的事情。虽然我们的言语很重要，但这是一种振动体验。

Our words are important because they are expanding your consciousness and your awareness of the potentials and the possibilities that exist here for you beyond the limitation that you have learned.
我们的话语很重要，因为它们在扩展您的意识和您对这里存在的潜能及可能性的认识，超越了您所学到的局限。

As we elevate your consciousness and awareness through our words, you’re allowing a vibration and a frequency. You’re allowing yourself to be in a higher vibration, to stay there longer, and to always remember how to get back to that place.
随着我们通过语言提升您的意识和觉知，您正允许一种振动和频率。您正在让自己处于更高振动的状态，停留得更久，并且永远记得如何回到那个地方。

While our words are important, this is a vibrational experience, which is creating a new perspective, a new level of focus.
当我们的话语很重要，这是一种振动体验，它创造了一个新视角，一个新的专注层级。

The way you perceive your experience creates your reality. Your perception creates your reality.
您感知经验的方式创造了您的现实。您的认知创造了您的现实。

So much more is possible for you when you remember that there is a force field of creation, that the energy that creates worlds is always flowing and is available to you at all times, and that through your being you draw more of what you are to you.
所以当您记得有一个创造力场，那创造世界的能量始终在流动，并且随时可供您使用，而且通过您的存在，您会吸引更多您所是的事物到您身边时，对您而言就存在着更多的可能性。

When you expand your consciousness and awareness and expand your potential and look at things differently, perceive things differently, focus on a higher vision for your own experience, you build bridges to Heaven on Earth.
当您拓展您的意识和觉知，扩大您的潜力，从不同的角度看事物，以不同的视角感知事物，专注于提升自身体验的更高视野时，您在人间搭建通往天堂的桥梁。

You’re a bridge. You’re a bridge. You’re a bridge to the Promised Land.
您是桥梁。您是桥梁。您是通往应许之地的桥梁。

If you are reading this, you have a dream in your heart. Every single one of you has a dream in your heart, even if you have forgotten it, even if at times it was too painful to remember. You came here with a dream in your heart. You placed that dream in your heart. It’s there for a reason.
如果您正在阅读这篇文章，您心中怀有梦想。你们每一个人都有一颗梦想的心，即使您忘记了它，即使有时候回忆起来太过痛苦。您是带着心中的梦想来到这里的。您把那个梦想放在了您的心里。它在那里是有原因的。

It’s time to let yourself experience it, the fullness, the richness of all that you are. And so it is. And so it is.
现在是时候让自己体验它了，您所有的完整性和丰盛性。就是这样。就是这样。


You placed that dream in your heart.It’s time to let yourself experience it.
您把那个梦想放在了您的心中。现在是让自己体验它的时刻。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES关键信息

The question you asked that started this entire awakening experience for you was the question, who am I?
您提出的问题，即引发您整个觉醒体验的那个问题，是“我是谁？”

The master of one’s life is no longer trying to create from lack or limitation or unworthiness. The master has no personal agenda.
一个人生活的主宰不再是试图从匮乏、局限或不值得中创造。主宰者没有个人的议程。

People are changed by many events, but it’s not the chaos that changes them. It’s not the fear that changes them. It is the love that changes them.
人们会因许多事件而改变，但不是混乱改变了他们。不是恐惧改变了他们。是爱改变了他们。

There are no big decisions you need to make except for the simple decision to open and allow energy, to be all that you are, to live in Heaven on Earth here and now.
除了简单的决定开放和允许能量，成为您本来的自己，在这里和现在活在天堂之外，没有需要您做出的重大决策。

The master follows the energy, and when there is no energy, the master knows to stop.
大师跟随能量，当没有能量时，大师知道停止。

In the doing, there’s always more to be done. In the being, all things are done through you.
在行动中，总有更多需要去做。在存在中，一切皆通过您完成。

Through your being you draw more of what you are to you. When you expand your consciousness and awareness and expand your potential and look at things differently, perceive things differently, and focus on a higher vision for your own experience, you build bridges to Heaven on Earth.
通过您的存在，您吸引更多您所是的到您身边。当您扩展您的意识和感知，并扩展您的潜能，从不同的角度看待事物，以不同的方式感知事物，并对自己经验中的更高愿景集中精力，您在人间建立起通往天堂的桥梁。



CHAPTER 12 THE POWERFUL CREATOR THAT YOU ARE您是那个强大的创造者

In this chapter, The Council expresses what it means to be a master within the human experience, playing and having fun as you create the reality you choose for you.
在这一章中，Council阐述了在人类经验中成为大师的含义，即在创造您选择的现实的同时游玩和享受乐趣。

We are so pleased and delighted to be in the presence of you, dear master. You are The Council here on Earth, and so it is. You are The Council here on Earth. You are here because you focused yourself into this level of consciousness known as the Earth Experiment, known as the Earth Experience.
我们非常高兴和荣幸能与您同在，亲爱的主人。您是地球上的Council，确实是这样的。您是地球上的Council。您之所以在这里，是因为您将意识集中在了被称为“地球实验”或“地球体验”的这一意识层次。

You focused yourself here. You chose this experience for you.
您专注于这里。您选择了这个经历给您。

If you can choose the very thing to have this experience of life—the consciousness that you are in form—and you can create the entire experience of being human and experience yourself as a personality, then you can focus yourself into any creation of reality you choose.
如果您可以选择拥有这种生命体验的极至——意识到自己处于形态之中——并且可以创造整个人类的体验并体验自我作为个性，那么您就可以将自己集中到任何选择的现实创造中。

You are The Council here on Earth.
您是地球上的Council。

You believe this all to be real and, well, it is. There is so much more that is also real.
您相信这一切都是真实的，嗯，确实如此。还有更多也是真实存在的。

You are fully stepping into the realization of all that you are, and with it you will accelerate, amplify, and ascend your own physical experience into a reality that you have only imagined, only dreamed of, only known somewhere within you is possible. There is so much more.
您正全然地步入实现自我全部可能的境界，随着这一步，您将加速、放大并提升自己的物质体验，进入一个您只想象过、只在梦中梦想过、只在内心深处知道是可能存在的现实。还有更多...

If you are reading this, you can accept the truth that you are a master. Otherwise, you would not be reading it.
如果您在读这篇文章，您就能接受这个事实：您是一个大师。否则，您就不会读它了。

We are not saying that you are better than anyone else. We are not saying that this is a hierarchical advantage over anyone because you are somehow better than another. That is not why we use the word master.
我们并不是说您比任何人都好。我们不是在说这是对任何人的一种等级优势，因为您在某些方面比别人更好。这并不是我们使用“大师”一词的原因。

You are a master because you have mastered a certain level of consciousness, awareness, energy, vibration, thought forms, and creation, so that you could come into the full realization of allowing all that you are.
您是一位大师，因为您已经掌握了某种程度的意识、意识、能量、振动、思维形式和创造能力，因此您可以完全实现允许成为您的全部自我的境界。

You remember that you possess the freedom to choose for yourself any reality, any experience, and the creative expression of all that you are.
您记得，您拥有为自己选择任何现实、任何经历以及所有自我创造表达的自由。

You never needed more money to create. You never needed some particular person to help you. You never needed a certain level of physicality to be able to do it.
您从未需要更多的钱来创造。您从未需要某个特定的人来帮助您。您从未需要某种特定的体力水平才能做到它。

All you needed was the consciousness and the awareness to open and allow the energy that has always been here for you to take any form within your own creation, for it to be everything that you intended it to be.
你们所需的一切就是意识和觉知，去开启并允许那些一直为你们存在的能量以任何形式存在于你们的创造之中，让它成为你们期望它成为的一切。

It is so easy to give it away, but all of your power is for you. Your power does not work for someone else. Someone else’s power does not work for you.
很容易将它放弃，但您的力量是属于您自己的。您的力量不会为他人服务。他人的力量也不会为您所用。

But, oh, when you come together as the master that you are with another who is also in the realization of the master that they are, and you begin to play and have fun with all of creation—oh, that, our dear masters, is so very exciting.
但是，哦，当您以您那作为大师的身份与另一个同样处于认识到自己是大师的状态的人在一起时，你们开始玩耍并与整个创造物共乐趣——哦，我们亲爱的导师们，这非常令人兴奋。

You are pioneers of new energy and new consciousness and new potentials and new possibilities. You are the pioneers. You are the bridge builders.
您是新能源、新意识、新潜能和新可能性的先驱。你们是先驱者。你们是桥梁的建设者。

You are the guides stepping into higher levels of consciousness and learning how to navigate new energy and new consciousness in the most extraordinary ways—but you’re doing so in ways that are fun and creative and playful.
您是走向更高意识层次并向我们传授如何以最非凡的方式导航新能量和新意识的引领者——但你们是以有趣、富有创造性和充满乐趣的方式进行这一过程的。


You are guides learning to navigate energy and consciousness in extraordinary, fun, creative, playful ways.
您是引领者，正在以非凡、有趣、富有创意和嬉戏的方式学习导航能量和意识。

Some of you—and we do not understand, although there is no judgment from our side ever, because we know it’s just a level of consciousness you’re in—still choose to work and force and try to figure it out and effort it and push energy instead of just getting into the new energy and the new consciousness
一些你们——尽管我们从不进行评判，因为我们知道这不过是您所处于的意识水平——仍然选择去工作和努力，试图弄清楚并付出努力和推动能量，而不是简单地进入新的能量和新意识。

playing and creating and having fun. There’s never been a better time. There’s never been a better you. Sure, there are some in your world who would say, it is not a good time to create, not a good time to play, not a good time to have fun, but that has nothing to do with you.
玩耍和创造，享受乐趣。从未有过更好的时光。从未有过更好的您。当然，在您的世界中有些人可能会说，这不是一个创作的佳期，不是一个玩耍的好时机，也不是享受快乐的时候，但这与您无关。

That’s the reality they are choosing for themselves based on the level of consciousness they are in.
这是他们根据自己的意识水平所选择的现实。

We do not say this with any judgment because we know you’re all going to get there. We know everyone’s going to get there in their own time, in their own way. Truth is truth is truth. You will all return to the truth of who you are.
我们并不是带着任何评判来说这句话，因为我们知道你们都会到达那里。我们知道每个人都会在适合自己的时间里以自己的方式达到目标。真理就是真理，你们都将回归到真实的自我。

It’s just so much more fun when you really allow yourself to be all that you are and to open to the power that you are. Don’t give your power to the media. Don’t give your power to the television. Don’t give your power to the politicians. Don’t give your power to anything outside of you.
仅仅当您真正允许自己成为您所能是的全部，并开启您所拥有的力量时，才更加有趣。不要把您的力量交给媒体。不要把您的力量交给电视。不要把您的力量交给政客。不要把您自己的力量交给任何超出您自身的事物。

All of the energy is here for you to create the experience that you choose for you.
所有能量都在这里，供您创造您所选择的体验。

When you really understand that, there is no need to go into fear, to go into suffering, to go into worry, to go into powerlessness. There is no more need for it. Was there ever a need for it? Does all experience provide data and information? Indeed. But you think you came here for the limitation.
当您真正理解了这一点，就没有必要陷入恐惧、痛苦、担忧和无力感中。不再需要它了。曾经有过这样的需求吗？所有的经验都提供了数据和资料吗？当然。但您觉得您来这里是为了限制。

You didn’t. You came here for the expansion. You just weren’t afraid of anything that existed within the whole of the human experience. Why?
您并没有。您是为了扩张而来这里。您只是不害怕人类经历中的任何存在之物。为什么？

Because you never intended to forget that you could choose the creation that you most wanted to experience for you, and that even if there were just a few people living at the level of experience that you choose for you, well, that would be more than enough.
因为您从未打算忘记，您可以选择自己最想体验的创造，哪怕只有少数人生活在您为自己选择的那个体验水平上，那也已经足够了。

The more you live there, and the more you come together, and the more you allow the fullness of all that you are, and the more you choose and live within your creation of your reality, the more you will realize that drawing others into your field is merely an experience of focusing.
您生活得越久，聚在一起越多，允许自己所有潜能的实现越多，选择并活在您的现实创造之中越多，您就会越来越意识到将他人拉入您的领域只是一种聚焦的经历。

In your focus and your choosing, you draw to you the particles that create the experience of another and others and all sorts of incredible things in your field.
在您的关注与选择中，您吸引着自己周围的其他人和各种奇妙事物。

You have been asking, How do we turn particles into form? In order to accomplish or realize what it is you’re asking, you must understand what you are. You are consciousness focused through your own choosing in the human experience.
您一直在询问，我们如何将粒子转化为形态？为了完成或实现您所询问的，您必须理解您自身。您是通过自己的选择在人类体验中集中的意识。

You are consciousness, and you knew coming in, as the consciousness that you are, that this experience would expand you, expand consciousness, expand the human experience, and expand the consciousness that’s in the human experience.
您是意识，并且您深知进入时作为您所是的意识，这次经历将会扩展您，扩展意识，扩展人类经验，以及扩展存在于人类体验中的意识。

You focused yourself into this experience, into the consciousness of the Earth Plane, knowing that you were always, always able to open and allow energy to serve you in the fulfillment of everything you could ever need in this experience—infinite intelligence, infinite love, infinite abundance, in
您将自己专注于这次经历，专注于地球平面的意识之中，深知自己始终能够打开并允许能量为您服务，在实现这次经历中一切所需——无限智慧、无限爱、无限丰盛中

finite well-being. You focused yourself into this experience knowing that you always had the energy that creates worlds available to you, flowing to you, an infinite supply of everything you could ever need and more available to you in every moment.
有限的幸福。您专注于这次体验，知道您始终拥有创造世界的能量在您手中，流向您，无限供应的一切您所需及更多，在每一刻都对您开放。

You were not afraid to come here or entangle with any of the limitations that existed in this experience because you knew. You knew when you came here and you knew when you opened your eyes that you were perceiving in a field of consciousness.
您不惧怕来到这里，也不畏惧与这次体验中存在的任何限制纠缠，因为您知道。当您来到这里，当您睁开眼睛，您就知道自己在意识领域中感知。

In time, you entangled and entangled and entangled more deeply in the human consciousness and the limitation there within, and you began to identify yourself and what was possible for you simply based on that—what others told you was possible, what others experienced, which came from their beliefs
在时间中，您越陷越深地纠缠于人类意识及其限制之中，并开始仅仅基于此来认同自己以及对您而言可能的东西——别人告诉您的可能性，别人的经历，这些都源自他们的信念。

in their own possibility. You began to buy into all these things that are merely another’s creation based on their beliefs in their own limitation. There’s something within you—or you wouldn’t be reading this—that has always known that more was possible for you than you ever were told.
在他们自身的可能性之中。您开始相信所有这些事情，这些都是基于他们对自身局限性的信念而创造的他人之物。您内心深处有一种东西——否则您不会阅读这篇文章——它始终知道，您的可能远比您被告知的多。

There was a knowing within you of who you are and that there were other ways; there were many ways. There are many ways to truth.
内心深处，您深知自己的身份，也明白有其他的选择；有许多条路。通往真理的道路也有很多。

Everyone’s journey through this experience of expansion and expression and creation is perfect. Whatever another is choosing has nothing to do with you unless you entangle with it through your focus on it.
每个人的经历这个扩张、表达和创造的过程都是完美的。除非您因专注于某事而与之纠缠，否则别人的选择与您无关。

Your focus on fear, your focus on judgment, your focus on those who are lower in dimensions of consciousness entangles you with it. Your focus on higher-level consciousness, your focus on joy and play and fun entangles you with that. Your focus on infinite intelligence is what moves it into form.
您对恐惧的关注，您对评判的关注，您对意识维度较低者的关注，将您与之纠缠在一起。您对较高层次意识的关注，您对快乐、嬉戏和乐趣的关注，使您与那交织在一起。您对无限智能的关注使得它转化为形态。

Consciousness is what moves energy into form. Energy responds to consciousness, to focus.
意识使能量转化为形态。能量对意识作出反应，对集中做出回应。


Your focus on higher-level consciousness, joy, play, and fun entangles you with that and moves it into form. Energy responds to focus.
您的关注点在于高级意识、喜悦、玩耍和乐趣，这使您与其缠绕在一起并将其转化为形态。能量对专注做出反应。

You’re here to create based on your choosing, but you never, ever had to move into density in order to create that which you choose for you. You just get tangled up in expectations, specificness, limitation, separation, and you then take a very difficult road through the idea of manifestation.
您在这里是为了根据自己的选择来创造，但您从未、从未需要进入密度以创造出您所选择的事物。您只是陷入了期望、具体性、限制和分离之中，然后通过显现的概念走了一条非常艰难的道路。

But that’s what many of you were ready for next. That’s what opened you up to another state of awareness, and that’s what opened up another state of consciousness. Now you’re ready for more, and beyond this there will be more as well. It just gets better.
但这是你们许多人期待下一阶段的。这就是它让你们打开意识的新状态，这也是它开启意识新状态的途径。现在你们已经准备好迎接更多了，而且在这个基础上还将有更多的东西出现。它只会变得越来越好。

It just gets better, but it comes down to the thoughts that you are thinking, what you are focused on, what you’re giving your attention to. Your perception is what creates your reality.
它只会变得更好，但这一切都取决于您的思考方式，您关注的事物，以及您所给予关注的焦点。您的感知创造了您的现实。

How you’re perceiving is what is creating your reality, is what is drawing to you in your field the very experience that you are choosing through your focus and your intention.
您如何感知，这就是正在创造您现实的因素；这也是在您意识领域吸引着您的、通过您的专注和意图所选择的真正体验。

You really can’t get this wrong. We say, master impeccable creative expression dedicated to the highest good, which doesn’t mean that you’re creating something that will fix everybody else. It means that you’re creating in a way that does no harm to another.
您真的不能做错。我们说，掌握完美无瑕的创意表达，致力于最高善的目标，这并不意味着您在创造能解决其他人问题的东西。这意味着您以不会伤害他人的方式去创造。

However, you creating and choosing for you in a field of limitless potential might move you out of an experience of someone else’s force field that is entangled with fear and judgment and limitation, and you might think there’s harm there because you moved out of each other’s experiences.
然而，您在这片无限潜能的领域中创造和选择，可能使您脱离了一种与恐惧、评判和限制纠缠在一起的他人的力场，而您可能会认为那里有危害，因为你们离开了彼此的经验。

But it’s not that you harmed them. Their belief in things that are not true about who they are creates their own suffering within the experience of your expanded force field (which is moving in a different direction).
但并非是您伤害了他们。他们对那些关于他们真实的身份并不真实的事物的信仰，在您扩展的力场（正朝着不同的方向移动）的体验中创造了他们自己的痛苦。

No direction is right or wrong. But when you believe that you could ever unlove anyone or anything, it is a very simple mistruth and misunderstanding of who and what you are. There is only love. There is no separation, not through time, space, history, or geography. There is no separation.
没有方向是对的或错的。但是当您相信您可能会不再爱任何人或任何事时，这是一种非常简单的错误认识和误解，关于您是谁以及您在做什么。只有爱。没有分离，无论是通过时间、空间、历史还是地理。没有分离。

It just exists as something within a lower dimension of consciousness that never quite feels right to you.
它只是存在于一个意识低维度中，永远感觉不对劲。

Mastering impeccable creative expression in the highest good of all is simply understanding that you create with such impeccable innocence and ease that you do not harm yourself or any other.
精通至善至美的创造性表达，在于理解您以如此无暇的纯真与自如进行创造，因而既不伤害自己也不伤害他人。

To harm even on some level implies that the change of form of something could be the end, which again is simply not true. Nothing is ever destroyed. No energy is ever destroyed. You cannot destroy energy. It just changes form. It just changes form. It’s always going to change form.
为了伤害，即使是某种程度上，也意味着某物形态的改变可能导致终结，这又是一次简单的错误。没有任何东西被毁灭过。没有能量被消灭过。您不能消灭能量。它只是改变了形式。它只是改变了形式。它总是会改变形式。

Everything is always changing form. That is creation. That’s a wonderful thing.
一切总是在不断变化形态。这就是创造。这是一件美好的事情。

When you know you can navigate through creation—which sounds better than change—when you know you can navigate through creation with ease and grace in the most impeccable way, then you know you can play and create and have so much fun here.
当您知道您可以轻松地穿梭于创造之中——这比改变听起来更好——当您知道您可以在最完美的状态下，以优雅的方式穿梭于创造之中，那么您就知道您可以在这里玩耍和创造，享受许多乐趣。

When you want to move particles into form, we want you to see it for what it really is. You are a force field of consciousness focused in the physical experience. Your consciousness is the depth and breadth of your field. The more conscious you are, the more aware you are.
当您想要将粒子移入形式时，我们希望您能看到它的真实面目。您是专注于物质体验的意识力场。您的意识是您领域的深度和广度。您的意识越强，您的意识就越清晰。

In higher dimensions of consciousness, there’s more potential. There are more possibilities because in your elevated consciousness you have raised your vibration and expanded your force field of creation, which is you. You are a force field of energy. You are a force field of creation.
在更高维度的意识中，潜能更大。可能性更多，因为在您提升的意识中，您提升了您的振动并扩展了您的创造力领域，即您自己。您是能量场。您是创造力的能量场。

In the most innocent, impeccable, joyful, fun, playful, exciting way, you draw creation to you. You focus on that which you draw into your experience, and that focus is what draws the particles into your field so that you experience them as form within creation. But don’t just limit it to the form.
在最为纯真、无瑕、欢快、有趣、活泼、令人兴奋的方式中，您吸引着创造力向您靠近。您专注于您所吸引进经历中的事物，这种专注正是吸引粒子进入您的场域，使您在创造之中体验到它们的形式。但不要仅仅局限于形式。


You are a force field of energy, and you draw creation into your experience through your focus.
您是一股能量场，通过您的专注力将创造带入您的体验之中。

Yes, there is great fulfillment within the human experience of being able to touch and hear and feel and kiss and love and hold and drive and ride and live and all the other things you do. It’s wonderful. It’s wonderful. We want you to experience the fullness.
是，在人类体验中能够触摸、听到、感受、亲吻、爱抚、驾驶、骑行和生活等等所做的事情，都能带来极大的满足感。太美好了。太美好了。我们希望您能体验到这种完整感。

We have said live your life fully, whatever that means to you. Love fully. Be all that you are. Choose and create and experience more. You just don’t need to move anything into lack and separation and frustration and being so specific and difficult.
我们说过，尽情地生活，无论这对您意味着什么。全力去爱。成为您本来的全部。选择、创造和体验更多。您只需不必将任何东西带入缺乏、分离、挫折和过于具体及困难之中。

That causes resistance such that you then find yourself in the lack of it, the limitation, the suffering, the struggle. When that’s what you’re focused on, you move yourself into a reality of limitation. You get more of what you focus on, whether it is wanted or unwanted.
那导致阻力，让您发现自己缺少它，限制、痛苦、挣扎。当您专注于这一点时，您就将自己带入了一个受限的现实。您会得到更多的您关注的事物，无论是想要的还是不想要的。

You’re always choosing. You just aren’t always conscious of the choices you can make. You just haven’t been conscious of your full potential. You haven’t been conscious of all the possibilities. They’ve been here all along, you just weren’t aware of them.
您总是在选择，只是您并不是总是意识到自己可以做出的选择。您还没有意识到自己的全部潜能。您没有意识到所有可能性。它们一直都在那里，只是您尚未意识到。

Now you’re becoming aware of your potential.
现在您开始意识到您的潜力了。

It’s not that any one creation is better than the other, but when you align with the I Am Creator frequency, the attachment to some specific car or person or amount of money or amount of followers or amount of fans or some perfect image of something is suddenly not as interesting and exciting as the awareness of your greater potential and possibilities as the Creator within your own creation.
它并不是说任何一个创造物比另一个更好，而是当您的频率与我是创造者相一致时，对某一特定汽车、某个人或一定数量的金钱、一定数量的追随者或粉丝，或是某个完美形象的执着突然间不再像意识到您在自己创造中的作为创造者的更大潜力和可能性那样有趣和刺激。

The I Am Creator frequency is not one of trying to figure out how to move particles of money into form so you will have enough to pay the bills. That is not the I Am Creator frequency.
我所创造者的频率并非试图弄明白如何将金钱的粒子移动成形态，以便您拥有足够的钱来支付账单。这并不是我所创造者的频率。

That is: I am in lack and limitation and I need to figure out how to push energy into some form so that I feel better, because I’m not enough, I don’t have enough, and I don’t have access to the infinite abundance that I knew was always available to me when I focused myself into this human experience.
那即是：我处于缺乏和局限之中，需要找到方法将能量转化为某种形式以感觉更好，因为我不够，我不拥有足够的东西，我没有获取到我知道始终存在的无限丰盛性的途径。

Now, is that a form of creation? Yes. Is it a fun one? No—unless you like playing the game of not having enough so that you can see your power to “get by,” and draw it to you just in the nick of time.
现在，这是创造的一种形式吗？是的。它是有趣的吗？不——除非您喜欢玩一场“不够用”的游戏，这样您就能看到自己的“勉强对付”的能力，并且恰好在关键时刻吸引它。

What game do you want to play here? You’re in the human experience. You’re in the human experiment. What game do you want to play? Do you want to play the game of your ultimate potential?
您想在这里玩什么游戏？您身处人类体验之中。您正进行着人类实验。您想玩哪款游戏？您想玩发挥您最大潜能的游戏吗？

Do you want to play games with infinite intelligence and infinite love and infinite abundance and infinite well-being?
您想与无穷智慧、无尽爱意、无限丰饶和无限幸福玩游戏吗？

Or do you want to play the game of I don’t have the power to say no, so I’m going to blame it on my body not being able to heal just so that I don’t have to tell them that I don’t want to do that because I don’t believe that I have the power?
或者您想要玩这个游戏：“我没有拒绝的权力”，所以我打算把责任推到我身体无法治愈上，这样我就不用告诉他们我不愿意做那件事，因为我相信我没有那个权力。

Now, there’s no judgment from our side. All of your games, all of your experiences are perfect, and there’s no judgment from our side ever. We love you so much, but you wouldn’t have drawn this information to you if you weren’t asking for what is next. What’s really possible for me? Who am I?
现在，我们这边没有任何评判。您所有的游戏，您所有的经历都是完美的，从我们这边来说永远不会有任何评判。我们非常爱您，但如果您不寻求下一个目标，您就不会吸引这些信息到您自己身边。对我而言，真正可能的是什么？我是谁？

Until the answer to that is “I Am Creator,” you’re still not fully stepping into the realization of all that you are. The master knows that they can live a really big life within ultimate simplicity.
直到答案是您“我是创造者”，您仍未完全步入您对自身的全面实现。大师知道，他们可以在至简中活出真正伟大的人生。

They can live their fullness and the full creation of all that they are in a state of peace and harmony and well-being in any experience they choose.
他们可以在任何选择的经历中，在和平、和谐与幸福的状态下，活出他们的全部以及所有存在的全部创造力。

We want you to get beyond the judgment of what you choose for you. We want you to get beyond the judgment of your own creations or anyone else’s. Get beyond the judgment of whatever you created or think you miscreated in the past.
我们希望您能超越对您所选择的东西的评判。我们希望您超越对您自己创作或他人创作的评价。超越您对过去您所创造或认为错误创造的任何事物的评判。

It’s not here now, it’s not who you are, and it’s not the power and potential that is available to you in every moment. The master knows one of the greatest creations of all is stillness and the joy of stillness and the beauty of stillness.
它现在不在这里，它不是您真正的身份，也不是每一刻都可以拥有的力量和潜力。大师知道，所有创造中最大的一笔是宁静，宁静的喜悦和宁静的美丽。

The master knows that one of the greatest creations of all is dancing with All That Is, being in the flow and in the stillness in this dance of creation with All That Is, no matter where you are.
主知道，所有伟大创造中之一就是与“一切存在”共舞，在这个与“一切存在”的创造之舞中，无论是您身处何地，都保持流动和宁静。

Whether your idea of Heaven on Earth is in a home with a big family and a lot of people and a lot going on and a lot of noise, of you in a beautiful little cabin in the middle of the forest where the majority of your day is spent in nature with the animals, 无论您的人间天堂是在一个大家庭中，有很多的人和很多的事情发生，有很多噪音的地方；或者在森林中的一个小木屋里，您大部分的时间都花在与动物在自然中；

of you traveling the world with all sorts of adventures with new people and new cultures and new experiences, or of a partnership of two masters exploring deeper levels of love and expansion within a creation—it’s all perfect. Just choose it.
或者在世界各地旅行与新的人和新的文化以及新的体验的冒险，或者是两位主人探索创造中更深层次的爱情和扩展的合作——一切皆完美。只需选择它即可。

Just choose it. Get aligned to the Creator that you are and allow your force field of expansion to span this entire planet so that it draws what it is that you choose to you from your field of creation. When you limit yourself and you limit your power, your force field shrinks.
只需选择它。与您的创造者对齐，让您的扩张力场覆盖整个星球，从而从您的创造领域吸引您所选择的那个东西。当您限制自己，限制您的力量时，您的力场就会缩小。

You go into resistance, and you contract the field. You pull it all in, make it really, really small, and then you wonder why you feel like you have to push and force energy and make it happen in your time and your way.
您进入阻力，收缩磁场。您把它全部拉进来，让它变得非常非常小，然后您就会奇怪为什么您觉得您必须推动和强制能量，并按照您的时间和方式使它发生。

It’s all done if you choose it. It can all be done if you choose it.
如果选择，一切皆可完成。只要选择，一切便可行。

We’re going to have some fun here once you really step into being the true realized masters that you are, when the conversations are no longer about your lack and separation and your fear and your worry because you know the powerful Creator that you are.
我们将在这里享受乐趣，一旦您真正步入成为您本应实现的真正大师的行列，当对话不再是关于您的匮乏和分离、恐惧和担忧时，因为您知道自己是一个强大的创造者。

Then your questions are going to be, What’s possible now? Who am I, this I Am Creator? You will experience yourself as the Creator that you are, the Creator within your own creation, the fully realized master of your own life.
然后，您的问题将会是：现在有什么可能？我是谁，这个“我即创造者”？您将体验到您作为创造者的自己，体验到您内在的创造者，体验到您对自己生活的完全实现的主宰。

Then it’s about fun and play and creating, because there’s infinite well-being here, there’s infinite abundance here, there’s infinite love here, and there is infinite intelligence that is always available to you.
那么，这就是关于乐趣、玩耍和创造，因为在这里有无穷的幸福，有无尽的丰盛，有无穷的爱，而且有无穷的智慧始终向您开放。

All that’s asked, all that’s asked is for you to allow the energy of the I Am Creator frequency that’s been here for you all along.
所有要求的事情，所要求的只是让您允许一直陪伴您的“我是创造者”频率的能量。

You are not allowing energy when you are trying to figure it out, when you’re trying to push energy into something that seems like it should be what you’re supposed to do.
您在试图弄懂它时没有注入能量，当您试图将能量推入看似您应该做的事情时。

When you experience yourself as the fully realized master that you are, it’s about play and creating, because there is infinite intelligence available to you.
当您将自己视为已完全实现的自己——大师时，这关乎游戏和创造，因为有无尽智慧供您所用。

There are many questions about service and contribution, about being the wayshowers and the guides that you are.
关于服务和贡献，关于你们作为引领者、向导的身份，有很多问题。

It’s inevitable, but you still take on service like it’s a job you are to do, instead of stepping into the fully realized master that you are in the I Am Creator frequency, opening and allowing energy to serve you, following the light, and then doing what is fun for you, doing what brings you joy, 它不可避免，但您仍然承担着像是一项必须完成的工作一样的服务，而不是步入您在“我是创造者”频率中的完全实现的大师状态，开放并允许能量为您服务，追随光明，然后做对您来说有趣的事情，做能给您带来快乐的事情,

expressing yourself in ways that are beautiful and fun and creative for you. Know that in doing that you will serve in the most incredible ways and that you will create a ripple effect that is felt throughout this entire human existence because one more of you stepped into realization, one more of you realized your own enlightenment, one more of you chose Heaven on Earth.
以自己的方式表达美丽、有趣和创意。要知道，通过这样做，您会以最不可思议的方式服务他人，并且会创造一个在整个人类存在中都能感受到的涟漪效应，因为又多了一个您进入了实现的状态，又多了一个您实现了自我觉悟，又多了一个您选择了人间天堂。

The sounds of Heaven on Earth get louder. The beauty within Heaven on Earth gets brighter. That’s what’s meant by being a beacon of light or shining your light.
天堂之地的声音愈发响亮。天堂之地的美丽越发璀璨。这就是成为灯塔或是点亮自己的光芒的含义。

The more of you who step into Heaven on Earth, the more it is heard, the more it is seen, the more it is felt, and the more it begins to be understood as a potential and a possibility for any and all of those who choose it. That is contribution.
越多人踏入人间天堂，就越能被听到、看到、感受到，越开始被人们理解为一个潜在的可能性和选择对任何人的可能性。这就是贡献。

That is service without trying to force and effort and work to figure it out.
这是不强迫、不懈力、不劳作去弄明白的服务。

You would all say, I really want to trust that this all works. I really want to trust that infinite intelligence and infinite well-being and infinite abundance and infinite love are there for me. To trust is to know the truth, and when it is truth there’s no longer a need to trust.
你们都会说，我真的非常想相信这一切都会顺利。我真的很想相信无限智慧、无限幸福、无限富足和无限爱情都在等待着我。信任即是认知真相，当真相大白时，就不再需要信任了。

It is the truth. Truth is truth. Truth is truth. There are many ways, but the truth of who you really are and what is possible for you and why you’re here is the truth, whether you allow it or you hold yourself in the separation of it.
这是真理。真理就是真理。真理就是真理。有无数种方式，但关于您真正是谁、对您而言可能性和您为何在此的真理才是真的，无论您是否接受它，或者您在其中感到分离。

When we say separation, we mean that the experience of separation within the Third Dimension is that each of you are separate, that you’re separate from God, that you’re separate from Source, that you’re separate from the money you want, you’re separate from the lover you want, you’re separate fro
当我们提到分离时，我们指的是第三维度的分离体验，即你们每个人都是独立的，与上帝分离，与源头分离，与你们想要的金钱分离，与你们想要的恋人分离。

m the health that you want, you’re separate from the cure to your disease, you’re separate from the job that will make you happy. You’ve all been there, and you’ve all done that. You’ve all been on that journey before. There’s nothing wrong with it.
您所渴望的健康，与治愈您的疾病相分离；您追求的快乐工作，也与您分属不同领域。你们都曾经历过这样的阶段，也都曾经采取过那样的行动。在你们之前的旅程上，并无任何不妥之处。

There’s no judgment from our side ever, but you drew this to you because you chose more. You chose a grander potential. You chose to elevate your consciousness. You chose to raise your vibration. You chose. You chose you.
从未有过来自我们这边的评判，但您是自己吸引来的，因为您选择了更多。您选择了更大的潜能。您选择了提升您的意识。您选择了提高您的振动频率。您选择了。您自己选择的。

You choosing you is the best thing you can do for anybody because you choosing you expands the force field of creation that is you, and you choosing you expands the potentials and the possibilities, expands the energy that you’re allowing, expands everything in the experience of you.
您选择您自己是您可以为任何人做的最好的事情，因为选择您自己扩展了您作为创造力的场域，选择您自己扩展了潜力和可能性，扩展了您允许的能量，扩展了您体验中的所有事物。

The very best thing you can do is choose you, because in that, you allow more love through you, more harmony, more peace, more joy, more abundance, more well-being.
选择自己，因为那会通过您释放更多的爱、和谐、和平、喜悦、丰盛和幸福。

You allow more of all that you are because you are the infinite intelligence, you are the infinite abundance, you are the infinite well-being, and you are the infinite love. That is what you are. So you choosing you allows more of what you are.
您允许更多您所是的，因为您是无尽的智慧，您是无尽丰盛，您是无尽的幸福，您是无尽的爱。这就是您是什么。因此，选择您自己让您更多的是您所是。

The rest will come into alignment with where you are, and if it doesn’t, you don’t want to go back into the old way of trying to negotiate lower vibrations. You don’t. You don’t have to.
剩余的部分将与您所处的位置保持一致，如果不一致，您不想回到那种试图谈判降低振动频率的旧方式。您不需要这样做。

That was a belief in limitation or that somehow the way you served people was to go down into the trauma and drama and suffer with them and drag them out of it at the expense of your own vibration. You pay a vibrational price to entangle with what is not the truth of you.
那是一种对限制的信仰，或者说是以某种方式服务人们的办法是深入到创伤和戏剧中去，与他们一同受苦，并为此牺牲自己的振动频率来将他们从中拉出。您为纠缠于非您真实之处的之物付出振动上的代价。

When you believe you have no power to choose for you, you say things like: Well, I have to go spend time with that person. Oh, I have to go to that thing. I have to go here. I have to do that. What you are actually saying is, I don’t have the power to choose for me.
当您认为自己没有选择自己的力量时，您可能会说些这样的话：嗯，我得去和那个人共度时光。哦，我必须得去参加那件事。我得去那里。我得做那件事。实际上您在说的是，我没有为自己选择的力量。

When you say I have to or I should, we want you to know what you’re really saying is I don’t have the power to choose for me.
当您说“我得”或“我应该”时，我们希望您明白您真正说的是“我没有能力为自己做出选择”。

That is going to feel really awful, because nothing, nothing, could be further from the truth. You do have the power to choose for you. You are the power that creates, which means you are the power. You are the I Am Creator frequency.
这感觉会非常糟糕，因为没有什么是比真相更远离的。您确实拥有为自己选择的力量。您是创造的力量，这意味着您就是力量。您就是我是造物者的频率。

When you say, I have to go over and do this for this person, you’re saying, I don’t have the power to choose for me. I don’t have the power to choose.
当您说，“我必须去帮这个人做这件事”，您实际上是说，我没有选择自己的权力。我没有选择的权力。

Then you wonder why your body entangles with diseases and all sorts of things where you must be on a certain diet because you don’t have the power to metabolize certain things anymore. It is because you moved yourself into an experience of not having the power—because you said, I have to do this.
然后您疑惑为什么您的身体会与疾病和各种事情纠缠在一起，您必须遵循某种饮食，因为您已经没有力量代谢某些事物了。这是因为您把自己带入了一种失去力量的体验——因为您说了，我必须这样做。

I don’t have the power. I don’t have the power to choose.
我没有力量。我无法选择。


Experience the truth of who you are. You are the power. You have the power to choose for you.
体验您是谁的真实性。您拥有力量。您有选择自己的力量。

We hope you see this with such perfection, without any judgment, because there is none. If you’re in judgment, it’s just because you’re creating it through your own judgment of yourself.
我们希望您以如此完美的眼光看待此事，没有任何评判，因为并无评判。如果您进行评判，那仅仅是因为您通过自己的自我判断在创造它。

There’s no judgment here from our side ever, but we think you’re really asking to experience the truth of who you are now that you have remembered that you are The Council here on Earth. You’re the pioneers. You’re the wayshowers.
这里我们这边从未有过评判，但我们认为您现在真的希望体验您现在的真相，因为您已经记得自己是地球上的Council。你们是先驱者。你们是指引者。

You’re the ones who are going to do great things within human potential and possibilities. You are the potential.
你们将成为在人类潜能和可能性范围内做出伟大事情的人。你们是潜力所在。

You are the possibility of what true realized power can create in an easy, effortless, harmonious, impeccable way, where there’s no need to entangle with limitation and therefore do harm to yourself or any other.
您是真正实现的力量能够以轻松、不费劲、和谐、完美的方式创造可能性的体现，其中无需与限制纠缠，从而不会伤害到自己或他人。

It’s all perfect from our side. At times you may say, I have to go do this job because I don’t have the power to draw infinite abundance to me. Or you may find yourself thinking the following: I have to stay at this job because it is my source.
我们这边一切都完美。有时您可能说，我必须去做这份工作，因为我没有能力吸引无限的丰盛到我身上。或者您可能会这样想：我必须留在这份工作上，因为这是我的来源。

I don’t have the power to align to my own source, because through my thinking and my thoughts I’m judging myself and shaming myself and seeing myself as a failure and not good enough. There must be something I have to fix. There must be something I’m doing wrong.
我无法与自己的源泉对齐，因为我通过思考和想法在评判自己、羞辱自己，把自己看作是失败者，觉得自己不够好。一定有什么是我需要改正的。一定有什么是我做错的。

There must be something wrong with me. When you do this, you’re actually saying, I’m not the god of me. I’m not the master. I’m not the power. I’m not all of this that I know myself to be.
一定有什么地方出错了。当您这样做的时候，您实际上是在说，我不是我自己的神。我不是主人。我不是力量。我不是我所认知的这一切。

You are actually so powerful that you can draw yourself into the experience of powerlessness, and then in your powerlessness you shut down your ability to be all that you are, which is the very infinite intelligence that is you.
您实际上如此强大，以至于您能将自己沉浸在无力感之中，然后在您无力时，您关闭了成为您所是之全部的能力，而这正是您自身的无限智慧。

The thoughts you’re thinking are affecting the way that you feel, which is affecting your vibration, which is determining what you are creating within your reality, which determines what you’re drawing to you, which determines the experience you’re having.
您所思考的念头正在影响您的感受，而感受又影响着您的振动频率，这决定了您在现实中所创造的一切，这也决定了您吸引的是什么，进而决定了您正经历着什么样的体验。

You don’t have time—although there is no time—to worry anymore. You don’t have it, because you have the whole rest of your life to play and create and have fun and experience yourself as the infinite being that you are. What are you choosing? What are you focused on?
您不再有时间——尽管没有所谓的时间——再担忧了。您没有，因为您有余生去玩耍、创造、享受乐趣并体验作为无限存在的自己。您在选择什么？您在关注什么？

That’s what you’re voting for, and that’s what you’re getting more of.
这是您投票支持的，这也是您将会得到的更多。

You have the rest of your life to play and create and have fun and experience yourself as the infinite being that you are.
您拥有余生的时光去玩耍、创造、享受乐趣，并体验作为无限存在的您自己。

There’s no need to worry about anything ever again. There’s nothing to fear. In every moment, you can open up to energy, which will always lead you and guide you, and that energy is what brings the infinite supply of everything you could need and more.
无需再为任何事担忧。没有什么可怕。在每一个瞬间，您都可以开启能量之门，这股能量将始终引导您，并为您带来所需的一切以及更多。

You don’t ever have to worry about anything ever again. You don’t ever have to judge anyone else’s experience ever again because you are the Creator within your own creation.
您再也不用为任何事情担心了。您再也不用评判他人的经历了，因为您是自己创造物中的创造者。

You don’t have to figure anything out ever again because you can just allow the energy and the light to guide the way with effortless ease. You don’t need to suffer. You don’t need to struggle. You don’t need chaos or drama or trauma.
您再也不必去弄懂任何事情，因为您可以任由能量和光明以轻松自如的方式指引方向。您不需要受苦。您不需要奋斗。您不需要混乱、戏剧或创伤。

Your ascension to higher dimensions of consciousness, and therefore elevated experiences of reality knowing yourself as the I Am Creator frequency, is here for you now. And so it is. All you need to do is choose it, and then choose it again, and choose it again, and choose it again.
您向更高维度的意识层次提升，以及因此提升的现实体验，作为“我是创造者频率”的自我认知，现在就在这里。如此而已。您所需要做的只是选择它，然后再次选择它，再选择它，再选择它。

Your thoughts are what you are choosing, every time. When you’re in judgment, that’s what you’re choosing. When you’re worrying, that’s what you’re choosing.
您的想法就是您在选择的，每次都是如此。当您进行评判时，那也是您选择的结果。当您担忧时，那同样是您选择的结果。

When you think you’re not enough or the Source that created worlds and the universe and you has somehow forgotten about you, even though it is you, it couldn’t be. That’s why it feels so awful to think that way. It is simply not true, and that’s why it feels so awful. It always has felt that awful.
当您认为您自己不够，或者是创造了世界和宇宙的源头而您却不知为何忘记了自身，尽管是您，但这绝不可能。这就是为什么这么想会让您感觉如此糟糕。这根本就不是真的，这也是为什么它让您感到如此糟糕。它始终都那么让人难受。

You’ve just been on the other side now, so it seems more awful than ever before.
您刚刚经历了另一面，所以现在看起来比以前更可怕了。

You have felt pure bliss. You have expanded into greater perspectives. You’ve allowed yourself, even if just for a few moments, to be totally satiated and to come into balance with peace and harmony and the fullness of all that you are.
您已感受到纯粹的极乐。您扩展到了更广阔的视野。即使只是短短几分钟，您也让自己完全满足，与平和、和谐及您的全部所是达到平衡。

Believing things that are not true is going to feel more awful than ever before. Those are your moments to catch it and choose for you, the I Am Creator that you are.
相信虚假的事情将比以往任何时候都感觉更糟糕。这些是您抓住它并为您自己选择您是创造者的时刻。

No, there’s not a lack of time, really, but why, why would you choose anything other than playing, creating, having fun, being in joy, being in peace, being in harmony, dancing with all of creation, feeling into the freedom to choose the life you want to live, living fully, loving fully?
不，实际上并没有缺乏时间，但是为什么，您为什么要选择除了玩耍、创造、享受乐趣、沉浸于快乐、平静和和谐之中、与万物共舞、感受到自由地选择您想过的生活、全然生活、全然爱之外的其他任何事物呢？

We just don’t know why. And there’s no judgment from our side ever.
我们根本不知道为什么。并且我们这边从没有进行过任何评判。

This is what’s real. This is what’s real. This is the truth within you that you’ve always known. If you’ve heard us many times or you’re hearing us for the first time, you drew this to you because you are ready to hear it and remember it now.
这是真实的。这是真实的。这是您始终知道的您内心的真理。无论您是否多次听说过我们，或第一次听到我们，您都吸引它到您这里，因为您现在准备好去听它并记住它了。

You have a clean slate, a fresh start, a perfect opportunity, the best time ever, here and now. Choose for you. Choose for you.
您拥有一张干净的纸板，一个全新的开始，一个完美的机会，史上最好的时光，就在此地此刻。为您选择。为您选择。

You have expanded into a greater perspective. You have a clean slate, a fresh start, a perfect opportunity. Choose for you.
您拓展到了更广阔的视野。您拥有一张干净的石板，一个全新的开始，一个完美的机会。为您选择。

We are here on our side because we promised we would be, so that you would never forget this truth within you that you know. Now let the journey, this journey, unfold with ease and grace. Get excited about it. Play, have fun. Your perfection is not required. Never was. Just let it be easier.
我们在这边，因为我们承诺会这样做，所以您永远不会忘记内心的这个真实，您知道的那个。现在让旅程，这场旅程，轻松而优雅地展开吧。对它感到兴奋吧。玩耍，享受快乐。您的完美并非必需的。从未是。只需让它更简单些。

Just move into creation energy and let a beautiful, expansive, exciting reality present itself to you.
仅进入创造能量，让一个美丽、广阔、激动人心的现实呈现在您面前。

We have shared a great amount of information with you, and there is so much more to come. We remind you that you are everything you wish to be. You already are. We love you, we love you, we love you. And with that, we are complete.
我们与您分享了大量的信息，而还有更多即将到来。我们提醒您，您就是您想成为的一切。您已经拥有了这一切。我们爱您，我们爱您，我们爱您。而有了这些，我们已经完美无缺了。

ESSENTIAL MESSAGES关键信息

Everyone’s journey through this experience of expansion and expression and creation is perfect, is just as it should be.
每个人都有在这段扩张、表达和创造的经历中找到自己的完美路径，正如它本应如此。

Don’t give your power to anything outside of you. All the energy is here for you to create the experience that you choose for you.
不要把您的力量交给任何外界事物。所有的能量都在这里，供您创造您所选择的经验。

Your perception is what creates your reality. It comes down to the thoughts that you are thinking, what you are focused on, what you’re giving your attention to.
您的感知创造了您的现实。这归结于您所思考的念头，您关注的焦点，以及您所给予注意的事物。

We’re going to have some fun here once you really step into the true realized masters that you are, when the conversations are no longer about your lack and separation and your fear and your worry because you know the powerful Creator that you are.
当您真正步入您那真正的实现大师之境，这里将会充满乐趣；当对话不再关乎您的缺乏与隔离、恐惧与忧虑，因为您深知自己是一位强大的创造者时。

The very best thing you can do is choose you, because in that, you allow more love to permeate your life, more harmony to be your experience, more peace, more joy, more abundance, more well-being.
最棒的事情是您选择自己，因为如此，您让更多的爱渗透您的生活，更多的和谐成为您的体验，更多和平，更多快乐，更多丰盛，更多幸福。

You don’t have to figure anything out ever again because you can just allow the energy and the light to guide the way with effortless ease.
您再也不必费心去弄明白任何事情，因为您可以随心所欲地让能量和光引导方向，毫不费力。



AFTERWORD后记

There is a purpose for you. There is a purpose to all of this. There is a potential here for the most incredible transformation of human consciousness that has ever occurred in any lifetime.
有您存在的意义。这一切都有其目的。这里潜藏着人类意识发生的最不可思议转变的可能性，这种转变在任何一生中都未曾发生。

There is a reason for humanity to awaken, because on the other side of an awakened human family is a grander potential for Earth and all its inhabitants, in this vast and glorious universe.
人类觉醒有其原因，因为一个觉醒的人类家族在另一端拥有更伟大的地球及其居民的潜力，在这个广阔而辉煌的宇宙中。

——THE COUNCIL

It’s common to, after reading such profound, inspiring material, ask the question, “What am I supposed to do now?”
在阅读如此深刻、鼓舞人心的材料之后，人们往往会问自己，“我现在该做些什么？”

Many people experience profound and life-changing transformations after being introduced to The Council. Things change—relationships, circumstances, perspectives, desires, and so much more.
许多人接触《Council》后，经历了深刻和改变生活的转变。事物发生变化——关系、环境、观点、欲望等等。

Some feel an insatiable desire to discover their greater calling, some are called to immerse themselves in spiritual teachings, and yet others feel the guidance to learn how to develop their own channel so that they can tap into infinite wisdom anytime they wish.
一些人有无法满足的欲望去探索他们更大的使命，一些人被召唤去沉浸在精神教义中，而另一些人则感到指引去学习如何开发自己的通道，以便他们可以在任何想要的时候汲取无尽的智慧。

No matter what occurs, trust that everything is happening for you. Trust that you will receive everything that you need. You have drawn this book to you in divine right time, for the perfect unfolding of your destiny. Remember that from a state of being, all things will be done through you.
无论发生什么，相信一切都在为您而发生。相信您会得到您需要的所有东西。您在神圣的时刻吸引了这本书到您身边，为了您的命运完美展开。记住，从存在状态出发，所有事情都将通过您来完成。

Let the perfect next step come to you. Follow the energy and let the light guide the way forward. Let it be easy and effortless.
让完美的下一步向您走来。跟随能量，让光明指引前行的道路。让它变得轻松自如。

When you feel yourself in resistance, trying to figure things out, or in a state of overwhelm, take three deep breaths and come back into the now moment. All your power is in this now moment. Then ask yourself, “What would bring more joy, more love, more freedom, or more peace right now?”
当您感到自己在抵抗，试图弄清楚事情，或处于混乱的状态时，深呼吸三次，回到当下这一刻。您的所有力量都存在于这个当下时刻。然后问自己，“现在什么能带来更多的快乐、更多的爱、更多的自由或是更多的平静？”

Have fun with all of this—play, laugh, create, explore, and imagine the possibilities. Allow yourself to integrate this wisdom, day by day, in the most enjoyable ways for you. And most of all, be gentle with yourself.
享受这一切——玩耍，欢笑，创造，探索，想象所有可能性。让自己日复一日地以最适合自己的方式吸收这一智慧。最重要的是，对自己温柔些。

This is a book you will want to read time and time again. I recommend that you flip to a chapter or a page each day and simply read the words you are being guided to in that moment. Each time, you will discover new things and cultivate a deeper understanding of the wisdom within you.
这是一本您愿意反复阅读的书。我建议您每天翻到一章节或一页，简单地读一下此时引导您的文字。每次，您都会发现新事物，培养对内心智慧的更深入理解。

As The Council tells us, this is your wisdom. Read it, sit with it, and ask your higher self for guidance and clarity. Ask for things to be choiceless as you navigate through life’s experiences. Remember, you are The Council here on Earth, and your life is meant to be so, so very good for you.
正如Council告诉我们，这是你们的智慧。阅读它，与之共处，向你们更高自我寻求指导和清晰度。在人生经历中，请求事物变得无选择。记住，您在这里地球上就是Council，您的生活注定对您非常好。

You truly are everything you wish to be. It is all within you and it has always been.
您确实是您希望成为的一切。一切都在您之内，它始终如此。



ABOUT THE AUTHOR关于作者与译者

Sara Landon is a globally celebrated transformational leader, spiritual teacher, and channel of The Council. She has been called a “leader of leaders for the next generation of teachers, wayshowers, channels, coaches, and guides” who are contributing to raising the consciousness of the planet.
萨拉·兰登是一位全球公认的变革型领导者、精神导师和《Council》的信息传达者。她被誉为“下一代教师、引领者、信息传达者、教练和向导的领袖”，他们正为提升地球的意识做出贡献。

Passionate about living her highest potential, Sara shines a light on the path for others to expand beyond the perceived limitations of the human experience and live as the realized masters that they are.
热爱发挥自己最高潜能的萨拉，为他人指明了超越人类经验感知局限的道路，活出他们已经实现的主宰者之姿。

As the voice of The Council, Sara’s intention is to be the purest channel of their wisdom and teachings, which offer a grander perspective of what is possible for each of us—and our beloved human family—as we elevate our consciousness to new levels.
作为Council的声音，萨拉的意图是成为他们智慧和教诲最纯净的渠道，这些智慧和教诲为我们每个人——以及我们深爱的整个人类家庭——提供了一个更广阔的可能性的视角，随着我们提升意识到达新的层次。

She focuses herself, as the ultimate student, to live their teachings at the highest level and is dedicated to helping others discover that they too can connect to these greater levels of awareness and guidance.
她以终极学生的身份，专注于最高水平地生活他们的教诲，并致力于帮助他人发现他们也能连接到这些更高层次的意识和指引。

Sara is unique in the field of channeling in that she not only shares The Council’s wisdom but offers revolutionary guidance on how to apply and integrate their teachings in everyday life for more joy, peace, ease, love, freedom, beauty, and abundance.
萨拉在灵媒领域的独特之处在于，她不仅分享了“Council”的智慧，还提供了革命性的指导，教人们如何将他们的教导应用于日常生活，以获得更多的快乐、和平、轻松、爱、自由、美丽和丰盛。

A powerful luminary, Sara’s greatest joy is helping those who are ready to play in new levels of energy reconnect with all that they are so they may live, love, and lead in this time of awakening.
一位强大的光辉体，萨拉最大的喜悦是帮助那些准备好进入新的能量层次的人重新连接到他们所有的本质，以便他们在觉醒的时代生活、爱和领导。

Sara holds the vision of a fully awakened world where all beings coexist harmoniously with one another and with Earth. Through courses, coaching groups, and activations, as well as her Global Masters Class program, she has helped thousands around the world integrate the wisdom of The Council.
萨拉持有这样一个愿景：在一个完全觉醒的世界里，所有生灵都能和谐共处，与地球共生。通过课程、辅导团体和激活活动，以及她的全球大师班项目，她已经帮助全世界成千上万的人整合了“Council”的智能。

Phoenix9是由OTreeWEN开发的翻译AI; GLM-4 是一个先进的大型语言模型，由智谱AI研发并训练，其基础是清华大学KEG实验室提出的GLM模型结构。作为一种自然语言处理模型，GLM-4具有强大的语言理解和生成能力，能够应用于多种复杂场景。
